43198 Anna's Castle Courtyard
Endless play possibilities await in this LEGO® ǀ Disney Anna’s Castle Courtyard (43198) set. Made for
kids aged 5+, it features a courtyard arch with a fountain, mini doll, and LEGO salamander figures. The
special ‘diamond’ dress, which connects with the fountain bottom as storage for the mini doll, adds extra
fun. Interactive digital building instructions, available in the free LEGO Building Instructions app, help kids
visualize the model with intuitive tools.
First, we'll put together the Anna minifigure. Find Anna's dress, It's octagonal in shape, then put the
upper half of her body on the dress. Find her head and put it on top. Put her hair on her head, then add a
magenta bow to the back of her hair. Anna's Dress is sparkly and transparent, she wears a white top with
gold and pink patterns on it, she wears a pink sash with golden leaves on it, and a golden coat with
embroidered patterns on it, she's smiling. Find one blue Bruni the Fire Spirit, he has some pink on his
back and head.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
§
Now we'll make the courtyard itself.
Step 1: Take a medium dark flesh colored 8x1 trapezoid plate, and put it horizontally on the table in front
of you, short side to the front.
Step 2: Find a light tan 8x1 decorated arch piece with columns and put it horizontally in the middle of the
previous piece's back row, open side of the columns to the front.
Step 3: Take 2 tan 1x2 bricks with vertical clasp on long side. Put one to the right of the arch, with the
clasp to the right, and one stud to the front of the arch. Repeat symmetrically on the left.
Step 4: Find two golden 1x2 tiles, put one horizontally to the left of the right 2x1 with clasp's front stud.
Find a gold 2x2 tile with one stud and put it to the left of the previous piece, one row protruding to the
front. Put the other gold 2x1 tile horizontally to the left of the previous piece's back row.
Step 5: Make a fountain. It's a separate part from what you've already built. Take a 1x1 bottom to Anna's
dress, it's an octagonal bowl, with a stud in the middle and put it on the table. Find a transparent blue
minifigure head and put it on the stud in the middle of the previous piece. Find a 4x4 transparent blue
inverted dish and put it on top of the head. Take a transparent blue diamond and put it on top. Take this
part and put it on top of the stud on the golden 2x2 tile.
Step 6: Find 4 light tan 2x1 log bricks. Put one brick horizontally on the table. Put another one on top to
make a stack. Make another stack of two log bricks. Put one stack vertically on the left 2x1 with clasp,
and the other symmetrically on the right.
Step 7: Find 6 light tan 2x1 log bricks. Make two stacks of three, stacking the bricks vertically. Then put
those stacks vertically on top of the previous pieces.
Step 8: Take two dark turquoise 2x2 slope bricks. Put one on top of your left stack of 2x1 bricks and to
the right, its rough sides to the left and to the front. Repeat symmetrically at the right.
Step 9: Find two brown 2x1 plates with horizontal clasp on short side, a golden 2x1 arched window glass,
one dark brown 2x1 arched window frame, 1 1x1 yellow flower, one 1x1 magenta flower, and 1 clear 4x1
wand. Make a separate part. Put the two brown 2x1 plates with horizontal clasps vertically next to each 
other, so the clasps are to the back. Put the 2x1 brown arched window glass in the 2x1 brown arched
frame and put it horizontally on the back row, to the front of the clasps, so that the window opens to the
back. Put the purple flower onto the front left button, in front of the window, and the yellow flower to the
right. Snap the clear 4x1 wand horizontally into the clasps at the back. Put this part on top of the middle of
your arch, window to the front.
Step 10: Take two dark turquoise 2x1 plates with handle on short side and put them horizontally to the
left and right of your previous part, handle to the left and right respectively.
Step 11: Take two 2x1 half arch bricks with one stud, and put them on top of the previous pieces,
inverted arch to the left and to the right respectively.
Step 12: Find a 1x2x4 light tan arch brick and put it horizontally on top of the previous pieces.
Step 13: Find two dark turquoise 1x2x2 slopes and put them horizontally on top of your previous piece,
slopes to the right and to the left respectively.
Step 14: Find two magenta 1x4 flags, and two black wrenches. Stick the handle of the wrench into the
opening of the flag, do this twice. Put the ends of the wrenches into the handles on the sides, the flags
should be diagonal.
Step 15: Find 1 gold 2x1 plate with handle on long side, and 1 dark turquoise 2x1 double slope. Put the
double slope horizontally on top of the 2x1 with handle on long side and put this part horizontally on top of
your structure, handle to the front.
Step 16: Make a separate part that you'll connect to your structure later. Find one medium dark flesh
colored 2x3 plate.
Step 17: Find a light tan 2x1 brick with horizontal handle on short side, and a tan 1x1 brick. Put the
medium dark flesh colored 3x2 plate horizontally on the table. Put a light tan 1x1 on the left back stud of
the piece. Put the light tan 2x1 brick with vertical handle on short side horizontally to the right, handle to
the right.
Step 18: Find two yellow 1x1 flowers and one purple 1x1 flower. Put the yellow flower on the left front
button of your part, put the purple flower in the middle, and the other yellow flower on the rightmost
button.
Step 19: Find a magenta 1x3 plate and put it horizontally on top of the back row of your part.
Step 20: Find a light tan 2x1 half arch brick with one stud, and a tan 1x1 plate with tooth. Put the half arch
brick on the left part of the 3x1 horizontally arch to the right and put the tan 1x1 plate with tooth to the
right
Step 21: Attach this part to the clasp at the left of your structure, flowers to the front.
Step 22: We will now repeat Steps 16-21, but symmetrically on the right side, keep reading to see how.
Step 23: Find one medium dark flesh colored 2x3 plate.
Step 24: Find a light tan 2x1 brick with horizontal handle on short side, and a tan 1x1 brick. Put the
medium dark flesh colored 3x2 plate horizontally on the table. Put a light tan 1x1 on the right back stud of
the piece. Put the light tan 2x1 brick with vertical handle on short side horizontally to the left, handle to the
left.
Step 25: Find two yellow 1x1 flowers and one purple 1x1 flower. Put the yellow flower on the left front
button of your part, put the purple flower in the middle, and the other yellow flower on the rightmost stud.
Step 26: Find a magenta 1x3 plate and put it horizontally on top of the back row of your part.
Step 27: Find a light tan 2x1 half arch brick with one stud, and a tan 1x1 plate with tooth. Put the half arch
brick on the right part of the 3x1 horizontally half arch to the left and put the tan 1x1 plate with tooth to the
left.
Step 27: Attach this part to the clasp at the right of your structure, flowers to the front.
Step 28: Find an orange 1x1 plate with three leaves and put it on the stud on top of the half arch on the of
the left part that you attached. Put the Bruni the Fire Spirit on the stud on top of the half arch of the right
part that you attached.
Step 29: Make two lanterns. Put a clear Minifigure head onto a black Minifigure telescope. Then put a
black 2x2 inverted dish on top. Repeat to make another such part. Put these two lanterns on the studs of
the 1x1 plate with tooth one on the left attached part, and the other on the right attached part.
You're done! Enjoy! Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!