60376 Arctic Explorer Snowmobile
Set adapted by John Le and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
This LEGO® City Arctic Explorer Snowmobile (60376) playset, makes a great introduction to the
imaginative LEGO City world for kids aged 5+. It includes a cool toy snowmobile with tracked wheels and
skis, an Arctic setting, and an explorer minifigure, plus seal and seal pup figures.
Toy Explorer Snowmobile – This LEGO City Arctic Explorer Snowmobile (60376) makes a fun
introduction to the imaginative world of LEGO City sets
What's in the box? – Everything you need to build a toy snowmobile and an Arctic scene, plus an explorer
minifigure and seal and seal pup figures
Features and functions – The snowmobile has tracked wheels and skis, plus a detachable toy film
camera for fun role play
Dimensions – The snowmobile measures over 2 in. (5 cm) high, 3 in. (8 cm) long and 2 in. (5 cm) wide
Includes LEGO minifigure accessories – This toy playset comes with a toy film camera and helmet
The front of the box shows a picture of a warmly dressed Minifigure equipped with a ski mask and a
traveler's backpack. She cruises around the Arctic in her snowmobile with her camera in the back. In the
distance behind her, there is a large grey seal and a baby white seal on top of some icebergs. Don’t scare
them away, we have to take some pictures of them!
The back of the box shows a picture of the snowmobile sitting at the edge of the water on top of the
snowy grounds. To the right, the camera is set up and the Arctic explorer is behind it taking photos of the
two seals swimming in the water. A fish can also be seen jumping out of the water, a tasty snack for the
seals!
The top of the box shows the Arctic explorer minifigure wearing orange printed pants with pockets in the
front, a light blue and orange jacket with pockets, and some dark blue gloves. She also has on an orange
belt with a reflective cuff and some reflective tape on her pockets to be safe in the Arctic! She is wearing
a dark blue bag that has a light blue sleeping bag for when it gets dark! And over top of the hair running
the sides of her face, she is wearing a dark blue beanie to stay warm!
The build is 70 pieces in total, 51 pages/steps long, and is for ages 5+.
There are 2 bags that include the pieces for the snowmobile, the camera, the iceberg, the Arctic explorer
minifigure, and the seals.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we may be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic
connector on the front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another
such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the
second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind piece.
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
- Column: studs lined up from top to bottom or back to front.
- Centered vertically: even amount of space in front of and back of the piece
- Centered horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers, or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1,2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with 2 bags that are unlabeled, 1 set of instructions, and some loose pieces. Sort
the pieces into groups or piles as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the same
brick in a step, the colors will be split into 2 groups to make telling the difference easier for the builder!
LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group away from
the rest, in case you need them later.
Note: I will identify steps by page numbers according to the instruction booklets.
Bags 1 and 2 of 2 (7 groups/piles)
Group 1 has the pieces for pages 5-7. (Arctic Explorer Minifigure + seal)
Group 2 has the pieces for pages 8-13. (Camera)
Group 3 has the pieces for pages 14-17. (Snow Mobile part 1)
Group 4 has the pieces for pages 18-23. (Snow Mobile part 2)
Group 5 has the pieces for pages 24-30. (Snow Mobile part 3)
Group 6 has the pieces for pages 31-40. (Snow Mobile part 4)
Group 7 has the pieces for pages 41-51. (Floating ice sheet)
§
Let’s get to building!
Building Instructions (Bag 1 and 2, Book 1):
Group 1 — Arctic Explorer Minifigure + seal
5. Assemble the Arctic Explorer minifigure using the orange printed legs, orange/light blue printed torso,
dark blue backpack that has a sleeping bag rolled on the back top of the bag, female head, and dark blue
beanie with hair attached.
6-7. Attach the white goggles to the dark blue helmet by snapping it on. You can switch this out with the
beanie so your minifigure is safe on her snowmobile! You also have two seals, one small white one and
one bigger light grey one. They are so cute! Now to make the camera.
Group 2 — Camera
8-9. Locate 1 black 1x3 rounded plate, 1 black 1x2 brick with a clip on the side, and 1 black 1x1 brick with
a stud on the side. Place down your plate horizontally, then horizontally place the 1x2 brick on the right
side with no overhang and the clip facing you. Place the 1x1 on the left of this brick and make sure that
the stud is facing the left.
10-11. Locate 1 black 1x3 phone, 1 light grey 1x1 cylinder bucket that represents the camera lens, 1 clear
circular 1x1 tile, and a 1x1 circular plate attached to a bent bar. Place the phone horizontally on top of the
build so that both ends are connected to the build. Next, attach the bottom of your camera lens to the leftfacing stud. Then attach the clear circular tile to the 1x1 circular plate with the bent bar. Then attach the
bar portion of this piece to the clip so that the clear circular part is facing right.
12. Next, locate a torch handle (piece with 4 bars on one side and 1 on the other). Flip it over to turn it
into a quadpod, like a tripod but better. Then push the single bar into the middle of the bottom of the 1x3
circular plate. You just finished creating your camera!
13. You can position the seals in front of the camera and the Arctic Explorer behind the camera so that
she is taking pictures of the seals!
Group 3 — Snowmobile part 1
14-15. Locate 1 black 2x8 plate, 1 trans-red 1x2 plate, and 1 dark blue 2x2 plate. With your large plate
horizontal, place the 1x2 plate vertically on the right side. To the left of this, place your 2x2 plate.
16. Locate 2 dark blue 1x5 plates. Place these next to each other horizontally to the left of the previously
placed plate so that it covers the rest of the black 2x8 plate.
17. Locate a white 2x2 inverted slope brick. Place this on the left side so that the slope part overhangs on
the left.
Group 4 — Snow Mobile part 2
18-19. Locate 1 light grey 1x2 plate and 1 white 2x4 plate. Vertically place the 1x2 plate next to the 2x2
inverted slope piece. Then vertically place the 2x4 plate on top of the slope piece and the 1x2 plate so
that there is an overhang on the front and back sides.
20-21. Locate 1 dark blue 2x2 plate and place this in the middle of the 2x4 plate you just placed. Then
locate 1 orange 2x3 stair plate. Horizontally place this piece to the right of the plate you just placed so
that the top of the orange stair piece snaps onto the right studs of the 2x2 plate.
22. Then locate 1 light blue 4x4 plate that has sides that are angled inwards and have 4 studs on top.
Place this piece to the right of the orange stair piece so that it sits in the gap of this piece.
23. Locate 2 light blue 1x2 plates with clips on the side. Horizontally place these next to each other to the
right of the plate you just placed so that both clips overhang on the right side.
Group 5 — Snow Mobile part 3
24. Locate 1 dark blue 2x4 plate. Horizontally place this plate on top of the last 3 pieces you placed so
that the right 2 studs of the 1x2 plates with clips are showing.
25. Locate 1 orange 2x2 curved slope tile. Place the bottom of this piece on the right side of the build so
that the slope goes down from left to right.
26. Locate 2 dark blue 1x1 plates with a side barrel. Symmetrically and vertically place these pieces on
the right stud of the front and back overhang studs. Make sure that the barrels are pointing front and
back.
27. Locate 2 orange 1x2 curved slope tiles. Symmetrically and horizontally place these on the pieces you
just placed so that the slopes go down from right to left. The rest of the overhang should also be covered
now!
28. Locate two clear 1x1 circular tiles. Symmetrically place these pieces on the left side of the barrels.
These will be the front lights of the snowmobile!
29. Locate 2 light grey 1x2 plates. Vertically place these plates on the second and third columns from the
left.
30. Locate 1 dark blue 4x4 piece with curved sides and studs on either side. This piece has a 2x2 gap in
the center. Horizontally place this piece so that the 2 plates you just placed fit in the gap of this piece.
Make sure that the curves of this piece go down from right to left.
Group 6 — Snow Mobile part 4
31. Locate 1 orange 2x2 printed curve slope tile. Place this piece in the first and second columns from the
left. The curve should be going down from right to left.
32-33. Locate 1 orange 1x2 tile with a singular stud on top and 2 trans-light blue 1x1 slopes. Vertically
place the 1x2 tile on the studs in the fourth column. There should be a 1x2 gap between this piece and
the curved slope in the previous step. Next, place the 2 trans-light blue 1x1 slopes in the gap so that the
slope goes down from right to left. 
34. Next locate a 1x1 dark grey clip piece and a dark grey handlebar piece. Snap the bottom of the
handlebars onto the clip piece then place it on the singular stud of the 1x2 plate. Make sure that
handlebars can move around in the left and right directions.
35-36. Locate a light grey 2x4 plate with a pinhole on the bottom and 2 light grey pins. Insert the pins into
the holes. Flip over your build so that it is still horizontal and the handlebars are still on the left.
Then horizontally connect the studs of this piece on the right side of the build. There should be no
overhang. After this is done, flip over your build so it is in the same orientation as before.
37. Locate 2 black 2x5 technic pieces. One side should be flat while the other is curved. Orient both
pieces so that they are horizontal and the flat side is on top. Also, make sure that the short flat side is
facing to the right and the short rounded side is facing the left. Then symmetrically connect the 3rd
pinhole from the left to the pins of the previously placed piece.
38. Locate 1 black 2x4 piece with 2 pegs, 1 on each side. Flip over your build so that it is still horizontal
and the handlebars are still on the left. Then vertically connect the studs of this piece to the left side of the
build. Make sure there is no overhang, and then flip over your build so that it returns to its original
position.
39. Locate 2 black 1x5 ski pieces with a pinhole on top. Orient these pieces so that they are horizontal
and that the side with the studs is on the right. Then symmetrically connect both pins of the previously
placed piece with the pinholes of these pieces.
40. You finished the snowmobile build! Now you can place your Arctic Explorer on top of the studs and
orient their hands to hold the handlebars. Make sure that you put on their helmet! Safety first!
Group 7 — Floating ice sheet
41-42. Now time to make the iceberg! Locate 1 white 4x8 plate, 1 white 2x4 slope, and 1 trans-light blue
1x2 brick. Place down your 4x8 plate horizontally. Then vertically place the 1x2 brick in the back right
corner. Then to the left of this brick place your slope so that it goes down from right to left.
43. Locate another white 2x4 slope. Vertically place this piece on the right side in front of the 1x2 brick
and slope so that the slope goes down towards you.
44. Locate 1 white 1x2 tile and 1 white 2x2 tile with a singular stud. Horizontally place the 1x2 tile in the
back right corner. Then in front of this piece, place the 2x2 tile so that it covers the remaining 4 studs of
the previously placed pieces.
45. Locate 1 white 1x2 slope. To the left of the 2x2 tile with a singular stud and in front of the first slope
you placed, horizontally place this slope so that it goes down from right to left.
46. Locate 2 trans-light blue 1x1 slope tiles. Place 1 on top of the previously placed piece so that the
slope goes down from right to left. Then in front of this piece, place your remaining slope so that the slope
goes down toward you.
47. Locate 1 light blue 8x8 plate with a rounded side. With the rounded side facing you, place the plate in
front of the white 4x8 plate by connecting the 4 studs on the back right corner with the slope. 
48-49. Locate 2 white 4x4 triangular-shaped plates and 2 white 2x2 tiles with a singular stud. Place the
2x2 tiles on top of each of the triangular-shaped plates in the corner. Make sure that the corners of both
pieces align and that there is no overhang. Using the aligned corner of the connected pieces, place it on
the stud that is located in the first column, third row. Make sure the angled side is facing front and right.
Then with your other triangular plate, orient it so the aligned corner of the connected pieces is facing front
and right. Then locate the 2 studs on the rounded side of the 8x8 plate that is facing you. With your
triangular plate oriented the same way, center it horizontally, then place it behind these studs. Make sure
that there is a stud free on the front left and front right sides of this piece.
50. Locate 1 light yellow-green fish and place it down in between the two triangular plates you placed.
Note, it should just be placed, not attached to any studs. Congratulations, you have finished the floating
ice sheet!
51. You can attach the seals to any of the 3 2x2 tiles with a singular stud. Then you can position your
camera and Arctic Explorer so that it is taking pictures of the seals! Also when you are riding around with
your snowmobile, don’t forget your camera! You can attach the quadpod to the clips in the back!
§
At the end of the instruction booklets are advertisements for the following 8 LEGO CITY Theme kits:
60380 - City Downtown
60362 - Car Wash
60366 - Ski and Climbing Center
60364 - Street Skate Park
60377 - Explorer Diving Boat
60378 - Arctic Explorer Truck and Mobile Lab
60379 - Deep-Sea Exploration Vessel
60368 - Arctic Explorer Ship
 