60032 Arctic Snowmobile.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
§
Put a F 2x1 ver on top of a F 2x2.
Put a F 6x2 hor to the left, overhanging to the left.
Put a F winged 2x2 on top, at the right end, wings to front and back, cut-off corners to the left.
Put a F 1x1 with a clasp to the left, on the front row, clasp overhanging to the front. Repeat symm at the
back. Lay momentarily aside.
Make a part.
Put a F 2x2 with wheels ver on the table, cut-off corners to the left.
Put a F 2x2 on top.
Put a 2x1/2x1 corner piece ver on top, at the left, side buttons to the left.
Put a 1x1 wedge upright, slide to the bottom, on the front side button. Repeat at the back.
Connect this part to your structure by putting the leftmost column of your structure on top of the right
column of your part, as is.
Put a F 6x2 hor on top, starting from the left.
Stack two F 3x2 and put hor on top, skipping the leftmost column. Put a long frog piece hor on the three
right columns, the nose overhanging to the right.
Put a 2x1/2x1 curved frame hor on the four left columns, slides to the left.
Flip your structure upside down and put a 4x1 stepped curve upside down, hor, on the four right buttons
at the front row, slide to the left. Repeat at the back.
Put a F 2x1 with a hook upside down, ver, at the rightmost column, hook to the right and to the bottom.
Put a FS 2x1 disk to the left.
Flip the structure right side up and fir the skis hor, curves to the left, at the connectors on the wheels.
Put a F 2x1 ver on the 3rd column from the left. Put a 2x1 handle piece ver on top of the frog piece, cutoff corners to the left.
Put a F 2x1 with one button ver on the 4th column from the left. Put a 1x1 clasp hor on top.
Put a handlebar piece ver on top, the ends to the right. Put a S 2x2 curved piece to the left, slide to the
left. (This piece is printed with the Arctic logo, a circle with a half-moon segment outlined in it. In the halfmoon segment is a picture of blue sky. In the rest of the circle is a picture of Antarctica as seen from
space.)
Put two 1x1 wedge pieces to the left, slides to the left. Put a walkie-talkie and an ice pick at the clasps at
the front at back.
Fit a button at one end of a chain onto the hook at the right end. Lay momentarily aside.
Make a part.
Put a F 6x2 hor, upside down, on the table.
Put a F 2x1 with two handles ver, upside down, on the second column from the right, the handles to the
left. Repeat symm at the left.
Flip right side up. Put a F 2x1 with a hook ver at the leftmost column, the hook overhanging to the left.
Put a crystal in the icebox, close and put on the sledge.
Fit the other end of the chain to the hook.
Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.