76423 Hogwarts Express and Hogsmeade Station
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
Recreate the arrival of new Hogwarts™ students with the LEGO® Harry Potter™ Hogwarts Express™ &
Hogsmeade™ Station (76423) toy playset for ages 8 and up. The new-for-June-2023 LEGO brick model
of the Hogwarts Express features an engine, coal car, 2 passenger carriages and the Trolley Witch’s
confectionery trolley. Drive the train on the tracks or rotate the engine’s front buffer beam for off-track
journeys. Hogsmeade Station includes a ticket office, Owl Post, restroom and platform and has many
authentic details to delight fans.
Popular characters:
- An enchanting gift idea for kids, the set has 8 LEGO minifigures, including the first-ever minifigure of
fan-favorite Lee Jordan, plus accessory elements such as a box of Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans and
the family photo album Hagrid™ gives Harry.
LEGO Harry Potter™ train toy playset (76423)
- Recreate the memorable scene where Hagrid™ greets first-year Hogwarts™ students arriving at
Hogsmeade™ Station on the Hogwarts Express™
8 minifigures: Harry Potter™, Ron Weasley™, Hermione Granger™, Draco Malfoy™, Lee Jordan,
Rubeus Hagrid™, the Trolley Witch and the train conductor, plus a family photo album element.
Hogwarts Express™ and tracks:
- The buildable train features an engine, coal car, 2 passenger carriages and a confectionery trolley.
Rotate the engine’s front buffer beam for off-track journeys.
Hogsmeade™ train station:
- Features a ticket office, Owl Post, restroom and platform, all packed with iconic details, plus a buildable
sign with directions to Hogsmeade and Hogwarts™.
Gift idea for ages 8 and up:
- Give this 1,074-piece LEGO building set as a special treat, birthday present or holiday gift to kids and
any Harry Potter™ fan
Build and play:
- The LEGO Harry Potter™ Hogwarts Express™ toy train measures over 3 in. (8 cm) high, 23 in. (59 cm)
long and 2 in. (6 cm) wide
Part of an extensive range:
- Buildable LEGO Harry Potter™ sets put favorite characters, familiar locations and magical adventures
into the hands of all young wizards, witches and Muggles™
The box is a deep blue. On the front right corner is an image of Harry, Hermione, and Ron from the film. A
swish of magic curves around the border of the box. Inside of the curve is an image of mountains, with
Hogwarts School of Magic perched on a hillside in the distance! A bright red train pulls into a station,
pulling two passenger coaches! The conductor leans out of the cab of the steam locomotive! The station
is a tan brick building, with a dark gray roof, and red trim. A sign near the station reads “HOGSMEADE.”
On the station, a group of young students stand with Hagrid. An inset on the lower left shows the included
minifigures: Hagrid, the Train Conductor, the Trolley Witch, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Ron
Weasley, Lee Jordan, and Draco Malfoy.
The top of the box has a life sized image of the Hagrid minifigure, and an image of all eight minifigures,
and the Trolley Witch’s cart! The left side of the box has a smaller version of the image on the front of the
box.
The back of the box shows the train pulling into the station from the left. Hagrid hands Harry a photo
album on the platform. Lee buys chocolate frogs from the Trolley Witch. Draco sneers at Ron and
Hermione who wait near a sign showing the way to Hogwarts. An inset in the lower left shows the
dimensions of the train. There are three inset images at the top. The left image shows the interior of the
train, showing seats for all of the students, as well as the Trolley Witch pulling her cart through the cars.
Her cart is stocked with sweets! The middle inset shows the interior of the train station, with a writing desk
and a quill pen, as well as a toilet! The right inset shows Ron at another desk inside the station. A small
cubby to the right has an owl in it, showing that this is the owl post for the station!
The build is 1074 pieces, and 258 building steps.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/76423) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with eight large bags labeled 1-8, one unlabeled bag containing large pieces, a
sticker sheet, and an instruction booklet. Sort the pieces into groups as described below. Note that where
there are multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split across two groups to make
telling the difference easier for the builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something.
Set these into their own group away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Bag 1 (10 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 1 contains the pieces to make the Harry Potter minifigure, with a brown wand, and a
coin.
Sub-Build 1: Road Sign
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-6 for the road sign. Place sticker #6 for step 6.
Group 2 contains the pieces for step 7 for the road sign. Place sticker #7 for step 7.
Main-Build 1: Steam Locomotive
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 1-7.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 8-10.
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 11-13.
Group 6 contains the pieces for step 14.
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 15-17.
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 18-21.
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 22-24.
Bag 2 (10 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 2 contains the pieces to make the Hermione Granger minifigure, with a brown wand,
and a green frog.
Main-Build 1: Steam Locomotive (continued)
Group 10 contains the pieces for steps 25-32.
Group 11 contains the pieces for steps 33-35.
Group 12 contains the pieces for steps 36-37. Place two sticker #1 for step 37.
Group 13 contains the pieces for steps 38-43.
Group 14 contains all non-black pieces for steps 44-57. Place a sticker #10 for step 73.
Group 15 contains all the black pieces for steps 44-57.
Group 16 contains the pieces for steps 58-65.
Group 17 contains the pieces for steps 66-73. Place sticker #9 in step 70, and another sticker #9 for step
73.
Bag 3 (5 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 3 contains the pieces to make the conductor minifigure.
Main-Build 2: Tender
Group 18 contains the pieces for steps 74-82, including a black 1x2 jumper plate from step 83. Place two
sticker #2 for step 80.
Group 19 contains the pieces for steps 83-88.
Group 20 contains the pieces for steps 89-90.
Group 21 contains the pieces for steps 91-94.
Bag 4 (6 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 4 contains the pieces to make the Ron Weasley minifigure, including a brown wand, and
the pieces required to make a sandwich!
Main-Build 3: First Coach
Group 22 contains the pieces for steps 96-106. Place two sticker #3 for step 99, and a sticker #4 for step
102.
Group 23 contains the pieces for steps 107-113. Place another sticker #4 for step 108.
Group 24 contains the pieces for steps 114-122.
Group 25 contains the pieces for steps 123-128.
Group 26 contains the pieces for steps 129-135.
Bag 5 (7 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 5 contains the pieces to make the trolley witch minifigure.
Sub-Build 1: Trolley witch’s cart
Group 27 contains the pieces for steps 1-8 of the trolley witch’s cart. To help sorting, make a stack of two
light blue 1x1 circular plates, and make a separate stack of three pink 1x2 plates with rounded ends. To
sort out all the 1x1 circular tiles, place a green 2x4 plate, horizontally long in front of you. Attach the two
white 1x1 circular tiles with a red swirl pattern onto the two studs at the left of the 2x4 plate. Attach the
1x1 circular tile with the chocolate frog pattern on the front right stud of the 2x4 plate.
Main-Build 4: Second Coach
Group 28 contains the pieces for steps 137-147. Place two sticker #3 for step 140, and a sticker #5 for
step 143.
Group 29 contains the pieces for steps 148-156. Place another sticker #5 for step 149.
Group 30 contains the pieces for steps 157-165.
Group 31 contains the pieces for steps 166-171.
Group 32 contains the pieces for steps 172-179.
Bag 6 (5 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 6 contains the pieces to make the Draco Malfoy minifigure, including a black wand.
Main-Build 5: Train station
Group 33 contains the pieces for steps 1-10.
Group 34 contains the pieces for steps 11-18.
Group 35 contains the pieces for steps 19-26.
Group 36 contains the pieces for steps 27-29.
Bag 7 (5 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 6 contains the pieces to make the Lee Jordan minifigure, including a brown wand.
Group 37 contains the pieces for steps 30-35. Place sticker #13 for step 30, and stickers #11 and #15 for
step 35.
Group 38 contains the pieces for steps 36-45. Place sticker #16 for step 36, sticker #14 for step 39, and
sticker #8 for step 41.
Group 39 contains the pieces for steps 46-48.
Group 40 contains the pieces for steps 49-57.
Group 41 contains the pieces for steps 58-60.
Bag 8 (5 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 7 contains the pieces to make the Hagrid minifigure, including a 2x2 tile with a
scrapbook pattern and the pieces to make a lantern.
Group 42 contains the pieces for steps 61-63. Split the light green 1x1 quarter circle tiles into a sub-group
to keep them distinct from the dark green ones.
Group 43 contains the pieces for step 64.
Group 44 contains the pieces for steps 65-73. Place sticker #12 for step 72.
Group 45 contains the pieces for steps 74-79.
A note on LEGO Technic™ part names. These parts are somewhat different from regular LEGO bricks.
Here are some definitions in case the builder or helper is not familiar with LEGO Technic™.
Axles - An axle is a connector which has an X shaped cross-section. Because their cross section is not
round, anything connected to an axle using an axle-hole will rotate with that axle. Axles are longer than
they are wide, and the length of an axle corresponds with how many bricks long it is. Aka a 3L axle is
three bricks long. Axles come in a variety of lengths, with a 2L axle being the shortest available. They
may be combined with pins, or have circular stops on them. A stop prevents the axle from sliding through
an axle-hole at a specific point on the axle.
Pins - A pin is a connector which has a circular cross section and a flanged notch out of one or both ends.
This flanged notch allows them to click into bricks with a pin-hole. Pins come with and without friction
ridges, which are small bumps on the pin which prevent them from rotating freely. For standard pins,
black is a high friction pin, and gray is a low friction pin. A standard length pin is two brick lengths long,
with a stop in the middle. This prevents a brick from being pushed from one side of the pin to the other. A
1L pin is one brick long and still retains the stop, however it also includes a hollow stud at the other end.
A 3L pin is three bricks long, and only contains a stop at one side, allowing two bricks to be pushed onto
the other side of the pin. Pins may also have one side which is an axle.
Lift-arms - A lift-arm is a basic structural element, similar to a brick or a plate, but usually without any
studs. It is a beam with rounded ends and with holes in it, with the same spacing as the studs on a LEGO
brick. lift-arms come in a variety of lengths, including a 1x1 lift-arm which looks like a cylinder. Thick liftarms are as wide as a LEGO brick, and thin lift-arms are half as wide as a LEGO brick, but not the same
thickness as a LEGO plate! The holes in a lift-arm arm may accept axles or pins. They also come in a
variety of shapes, including tees, ells and triangles.
Gears - A gear is a functional element. They are typically discs with teeth on the outside, there are also
worm gears which look like a spiraling cylinder! Gears connected by axles transmit or even transform
rotational motion!
Axle and Pin Connectors - These elements are typically smaller than lift-arms and are used to connect
some combination of pins or axles. They might have pins or axles, as well as axle or pin-holes. They have
a lot of different angle combinations! The simplest just connects two axles or pins together in a straight
line.
Bushes/Bushings - LEGO Technic™ uses bushes largely as spacers, but they also can reduce friction
between rotating parts, or can form useful elements such as handles. Bushes are typically light gray,
generally cylindrical, and have an axle-hole running through the middle. They have a flange at the front
and back to make them easier to pull on and off
Building Instructions:
Minifigure Group 1:
Assemble the Harry Potter minifigure by attaching the hair to the head, the head to the stud on the torso,
and the torso onto the legs. Place a brown wand in his right hand, and place a coin on his left hand. Harry
wears his school uniform of black pants, a gray vest, and a black jacket with red lapels. Under his jacket
he wears a white collared shirt and a red tie. He has unruly black hair, and round, thin-rimmed glasses.
Sub-build 1: Road Sign
Open group 1.
1.1. We’ll start building the sign to Hogwarts! Place a green 4x4 circular plate in front of you.
1.2. Place a dark gray 2x2 circular tile with a single stud on top, on the previous piece, centered vertically
and horizontally.
2. Place a green 1x1 plate with three leaves on the leftmost stud of the second row from the back on the
4x4 circular plate, with the leaves pointing left. Place another symmetrically on the right side of the 4x4
circular plate.
3. Place a white candle upright, with the bar down, into the stud of the 2x2 circular tile with a single stud
on top. A candle is a 2L cylinder with a short bar sticking out on one end, and a hole for a bar on the other
end. Place another candle on top of the previous candle by sticking its bar into the bar hole of the
previous candle. Do this two more times until the sign is four candles tall.
4. Place a black 1x1 circular brick with four upward bars, and one downward bar on the previous piece.
Attach it with the downward bar inserted into the hole on top of the top candle. This will be the frame of
the lantern on the sign. Rotate this piece so that there is one bar in each cardinal direction: front, back,
left, right. These bars will be the attachment points for the signs!
5.1. Now let’s put the light in the lantern! Place a transparent yellow 1x1 circular brick onto the stud in the
center of the previous piece.
5.2. Place a black 1x1 circular tile on the previous piece.
6.1. Now we’ll make a sign board for Hogsmeade. Place a white 1x2 plate with a vertical clip on the short
side, horizontally long, in front of you with the clip on the left.
6.2. Place a white 1x3 tile with a “HOGSMEADE” sticker, horizontally long, on the previous piece,
overhanging one stud to the right.
6.3. Place a white 1x1 plate with a horizontal tooth on one side, horizontally long, under the right stud of
the previous piece, with the tooth at the right.
6.4. Attach the clip to the right bar on the lantern so the sign extends horizontally to the right, with the
tooth pointing right like an arrow. The “HOGSMEADE” sticker should be at the front.
Open group 2.
7.1. Now it’s time to make the sign for Hogwarts, which is in the opposite direction. Place a white 1x2
plate with a vertical clip on the short side, horizontally long, in front of you with the clip on the right.
7.2. Place a white 1x3 tile with a “HOGWARTS” sticker, horizontally long, on the previous piece,
overhanging one stud to the left.
7.3. Place a white 1x1 plate with a horizontal tooth on one side, horizontally long, under the left stud of
the previous piece, with the tooth at the left.
7.4. Attach the clip to the left bar on the lantern so the sign extends horizontally to the left, with the tooth
pointing right like an arrow. The “HOGWARTS” sticker should be at the front. Excellent!
Main-Build 1: Steam Locomotive
Open group 3.
1.1. Any train needs a locomotive! The Hogwarts Express is pulled by a bright red and black steam
engine! Let’s start putting it together. Find a dark gray 1x14 brick with pin-holes on the side, and place it
horizontally long in front of you.
1.2. Place a black 2L pin into the leftmost and rightmost holes on the side of the previous piece, pushing
them in from the front.
2. Place another 1x14 brick with pin-holes on the side, horizontally long, onto the pins from the previous
step so that you now have a 2x14 brick. This is the frame of the locomotive!
3.1. Place a light gray 1x10 brick with pin-holes on the side, and place it horizontally long in front of you.
3.2. Place a tan axle/pin combo into the leftmost, center, and rightmost pin-holes from the front, so the
axle extends to the front. There should be three holes between each axle.
3.3. Place a black pin into the second pin-hole from the left, pushing it in from the back. Place another
into the second pin-hole from the right, again pushing it in from the back.
3.4. Use the black pins to attach the 1x10 brick with pin-holes to the front of the frame, lining up the left
ends. The frame should extend four studs past the end of the 1x10 brick.
3.5. Repeat steps 3.1-3.3, and attach it symmetrically to the back side of the frame. There should now be
three axles extending on the front and back sides of the frame. These will hold the main driving wheels for
the locomotive! Keeping the 1x10 bricks and the left, and the frame horizontally long, flip the frame over
so the studs are down.
4.1. Place a dark gray 2x4 plate, vertically long, on the left two columns of anti-stud. “Anti-stud” is a term
for the portion of a LEGO piece which accepts studs, like the bottom of a plate. Place another, vertically
long, on the right two columns of anti-stud on the 1x10 bricks, so there are four exposed columns of antistud to the right.
4.2. Place a light gray 2x2 circular plate on the right two columns of anti-stud. Flip the frame back over
into its original configuration, horizontally long, with the previous piece at the right on the bottom.
5.1. Place a dark gray 2x3 plate with one rounded end with a hole in it, horizontally long, on the right two
columns, so the rounded end overhangs to the right. This will be used later to attach the tender to the
engine! The tender is the small car that carries the locomotive’s fuel (coal or oil) and water!
5.2. Place an orange 2x2 brick on the previous piece, even with the left end.
6.1. Place a black 1x12 brick, horizontally long, in front of, and aligned with the right end of the 2x2 brick
from the previous step. Place another symmetrically behind the 2x2 brick from the previous step.
6.2. Place a dark gray 1x12 plate, horizontally long, on each of the previous pieces.
7.1. Place a light blue 2x2 plate on the two leftmost columns of the frame, centered vertically.
7.2. Place a dark gray 2x3 plate with one rounded end with a hole in it, horizontally long, on the previous
piece, so the rounded end overhangs to the left.
7.3. Place a light blue 2x2 plate on the previous piece.
Open group 4.
8.1. Place a light gray 2L pin into the hole of the left 2x3 plate with one rounded end with a hole in it, from
the bottom. Push it up until it hits the stop.
8.2. Push one hole of a red 2L thick liftarm onto the previous piece from the bottom, so it extends to the
front.
8.3. Push a light gray 2L pin into the previous piece from the bottom. This assembly will allow the front
wheels of the train to rotate when the train moves around curves on the track!
9.1. Now we’ll start building the top of the bogie for the front wheels. A bogie is a frame which holds the
wheels of a train. On a real train, it can rotate and pivot so the train can go around curves without tipping
over! On this train, you’ll be able to lock it in place, or to let it move freely. We’ll start by placing a black
4x4 plate in front of you.
9.2. Place a dark gray 2x3 plate with one rounded end with a hole in it, horizontally long, centered
vertically, on the previous piece, so the rounded end overhangs to the right.
9.3. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece.
9.4. Place a light orange 1x2 plate with a vertical clip on one long side, horizontally long, to the left of the
previous piece with the clip on the left. The middle rows of the 4x4 plate should be one plate higher than
the front and back rows.
9.4. Place a black 2x2 curved slope tile, with the cut out on the front middle row, on the front two rows of
the 4x4, even with the left edge. It should slope down to the front. Place another to the right of the first.
Place two more symmetrically behind the first two. The top of the bogie should gently curve down from
the middle rows.
9.5. With the clip at the left, push the hole in the 2x3 plate with one rounded end onto the pin at the far left
of the frame, pushing it up from the bottom.
10.1. Now we’re going to extend the frame. Place a dark gray 2x4 plate vertically long in front of you.
10.2. Place a black 1x6 brick with pin-holes on the side, horizontally long, on the front row of the previous
piece, with the left end aligned with the left end of the previous piece. Place another black 1x6 brick with
pin-holes on the side, symmetrically on the back row of the 2x4 plate.
10.3. Place an orange 2x2 brick on the 2x4 plate, between the two previous pieces.
10.4. Place a dark gray 2x4 plate, vertically long, on the right two columns of the 1x6 bricks so it extends
across both.
10.5. Place a silver 1x1 circular plate to the left of the front and back rows of the previous plate.
10.6. Place a dark gray 1L pin into each of the left two pin-holes on the front 1x6 brick. Push them in from
the front, so the short ends of the pins become side studs. Repeat this symmetrically on the back 1x6
brick.
10.7. Place this on the frame, horizontally long, to the left of the 1x12 bricks on the frame, with the top 2x4
plate at the right. The bogie should extend two studs to the left of this assembly.
Open group 5.
11.1. Place a light blue 1x4 plate, horizontally long, on the front row of the frame, skipping three studs
from the right end.
11.2. Place a red 2x2 tile with two studs on top, to the left of the previous piece, so it overhangs one stud
to the front, and so the studs are in line with the studs from the previous piece. Place another to the left of
the first.
11.3. Place a light blue 1x4 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece. Its left end should be
on the silver 1x1 circular plate.
11.4. Repeat steps 11.1-11.3 symmetrically on the back row of the frame.
12.1. Place a dark gray 2x4 plate, vertically long, on the right two columns of the frame.
12.2. Place a light blue 1x4 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece.
13. Place a black 2x6 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the second and third columns from
the left of the frame.
Open group 6.
14.1. Now we’re going to build the front of the frame! Place a black 1x2 plate with a 2x2 of studs hanging
down one side in front of you, with the side studs at the left.
14.2. Place a black 1x2 concave slope sideways on the back, upwards column of the previous piece, with
the brick at the bottom and the narrow edge at the top. Place another on the front, upwards column.
14.3. Keeping this orientation, attach this to the leftmost studs on the frame, centered vertically. Its top
should be even with the 2x6 plate from step 13, and it should extend to the left over the bogie.
14.4. Repeat steps 14.1 and 14.2 two more times, and place the created assemblies one in front, and one
behind, the first one. The last two assemblies should only be connected by one stud. There should be a
row of six side studs at the left of the frame.
Open group 7.
15.1. Place a black 2x6 plate, horizontally long and centered vertically, on the frame, with its left stud on
the leftmost upwards stud on the frame.
15.2. Place a black 2x3 plate, horizontally long, on the previous piece, even with the left edge.
16. Place a black 1x2 wide slope tile in front of the previous two pieces, even with the left edge of the
previous piece, with the thick edge at the back. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the
frame.
17. Place a black 1x3 jumper plate sideways on the front three side studs at the left end of the frame. A
jumper plate is a 1x2 plate with a single stud on top, or a 1x3 plate with only two studs on top. Place
another behind the first, so the six studs pointing sideways at the front of the frame are now just four.
Open group 8.
18.1. Now we’ll build the locomotive’s bumper! Place a black 1x6 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
18.2. Place a black 1x2 plate with a parallel bar on the long side, horizontally long and centered
horizontally, on the previous piece, with the bar at the back.
18.3. Place a black 1x2 plate with a perpendicular bar on the long side, horizontally long, to the left of the
previous piece, with the peg at the front. Place another symmetrically at the right.
18.4. Place a red 1x3 jumper plate, horizontally long, on the right three studs. Place another to the left of
the first, so the six studs on top become four studs.
18.5. Place a silver 1x1 circular plate on the leftmost stud of the previous piece. Place another on the
rightmost stud of the other 1x3 jumper plate.
18.6. Place a black 1x1 circular tile on each of the previous two pieces. Rotate the bumper assembly so
the bar is at the right, and the circular tiles are at the bottom.
18.7. Attach the bar to the clip at the left end of the bogie. Then hinge the bumper clockwise 90 degrees
until it attaches to the four side studs at the left side of the train. Keeping the bumper at the left, flip the
train over so the studs point down.
19. Now we’ll start attaching the wheels to the train. We’ll start with the driving wheels. These are the
large wheels which actually move the train forward. Place a large train wheel with a flange on the front left
axle, with the flange against the frame. The flange is the raised portion on the edge of the wheel. This sits
inside of the rails and prevents the train from derailing! Place another large wheel with a flange on the
right axle. Place two more symmetrically on the back side of the frame.
20. Place a large wheel without a flange on the middle axle on the front of the frame, and another on the
middle axle of the back of the frame. The flat side of the wheels should be on the outward side of the
locomotive.
21.1. Now we’ll put the wheels on the bogie! Place a black 1x4 plate with a peg on each short end,
vertically long, in front of you.
21.2. Place a small train wheel on each peg, with the flange against the plate.
21.3. Place this assembly, vertically long, on the left column of anti-stud on the bogie.
21.4. Repeat steps 21.1 and 21.2 and place this, vertically long, on the right column of anti-stud on the
bogie. Flip the train over so the bumper is at the right and the studs are up.
Open group 9.
22. Place a red 4x6 plate with a slope on each short end, vertically long, on the left side of the frame, with
its left edge on the fourth column from the right. The right side of the plate should touch two 2x2 tiles with
two studs on one side. Place another red 4x6 plate with a slope on each short end, vertically long, four
studs to the right of the first one. Its right end should touch a 2x3 plate, and its left end should touch two
2x2 tiles with two studs on one side. Now the locomotive is starting to gain some color!
23.1. Now we’ll build the steam chest and piston rod for the left side of the locomotive. Find a black 2L
thick liftarm with a bar extending at 45 degrees from one side. Place it horizontally long in front of you,
with the bar at the right pointing to the back.
23.2. Place a black 2L pin through the right pin-hole from the top.
23.3. Place another black 2L thick liftarm with a bar extending at 45 degrees from one side onto the
previous piece, so it is in the same orientation as the first one.
23.4. Place a dark gray 1L pin into the left hole of the top liftarm, pushing it down from the top. Place
another into the left hole of the bottom liftarm, pushing it in from the bottom.
23.5. Push a light gray 6L bar with a stop, through the pins from the previous step, down through the top
pin, with the stop on top, until it is even with the bottom of the bottom pin. Rotate the assembly so the
previous piece points left, and the angled bars on the lift-arms are at the back.
23.6. Place a black 1x1 circular tile on the side stud on the bottom right.
23.7. Attach the two angled bars into the two side studs on the front of the frame, directly above the
leftmost wheel on the bogie. The lift-arms should be sloped down towards the front, and the 6L bar should
extend over the driving wheel. Keeping the studs up, rotate the locomotive so the bumper is now on the
left.
24.1. It’s time to build this assembly on the other side of the locomotive. Find a black 2L thick liftarm with
a bar extending at 45 degrees from one side. Place it horizontally long in front of you, with the bar at the
left pointing to the back.
24.2. Place a black 2L pin through the left pin-hole from the top.
24.3. Place another black 2L thick liftarm with a bar extending at 45 degrees from one side onto the
previous piece, so it is in the same orientation as the first one.
24.4. Place a dark gray 1L pin into the right hole of the top lift-arm, pushing it down from the top. Place
another into the right hole of the bottom lift-arm, pushing it in from the bottom.
24.5. Push a light gray 6L bar with a stop, through the pins from the previous step, down through the top
pin, with the stop on top, until it is even with the bottom of the bottom pin. Rotate the assembly so the
previous piece points right, and the angled bars on the lift-arms are at the back.
24.6. Place a black 1x1 circular tile on the side stud on the bottom left.
24.7. Attach the two angled bars into the two side studs on the front of the frame, directly above the
leftmost wheel on the bogie. The lift arms should be sloped down towards the front, and the 6L bar should
extend to the right over the driving wheel.
Open bag 2.
Minifigure Group 2:
Assemble the Hermione Granger minifigure by attaching the hair to the head, the head to the stud on the
torso, and the torso onto the legs, placing her skirt between the torso and legs. Place a brown wand in
her right hand. A green frog is shown sitting next to her! She also wears a school uniform of black pants,
a black skirt, and a black jacket with red lapels. Under her jacket she also wears a white collared shirt and
a red tie. Hermione has long brown hair and a confident smile
Main-Build 1: Steam Locomotive Continued
Open group 10.
25.1. Now we’ll start building up the locomotive! Find the two 1x4 rows of studs between the 4x6 plates
with slopes on each end. These rows are above the middle driving wheel. Place a dark red 1x1 brick with
a stud on one side, on the rightmost stud in the front 1x4 row, with the stud at the front. Place another
symmetrically on the back 1x4 row.
25.2. Place a red 3x4 tile with a row of 1x4 studs on top, vertically long and centered vertically, to the left
of the previous pieces.
26.1. Place a dark red 1x6 tile, horizontally long, to the left of each of the 1x1 bricks with a side stud we
just placed.
26.2. Place a dark red 1x2 slope with a cutout and no stud on top, to the left of each of the previous
pieces, sloping down to the left. The cut out should be on a 4x6 plate with a slope on two sides, and the
bottom of the piece should be to the right of a 1x2 slope tile.
27.1. Now we’re going to make the fire in the firebox! This is where the engineer can add fuel to the fire
which heats water into steam to power the locomotive! Place a transparent orange 1x1 slope tile on the
third stud from the right end of the locomotive, on the second stud from the front, with the thick end at the
left. Place another behind it, with the thick end at the front. There should be two exposed studs to the
right of these pieces.
27.2. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with a stud hanging down from one side behind the previous piece, with
the side stud at the back. Place another symmetrically on the front row.
28. Place a black 1x2 plate with a 2x2 of studs hanging down one side, to the right of the back piece from
the previous step, with the side studs at the back. Place another symmetrically on the front row.
29.1. Place a black 1x2 plate with a bar on one long side, horizontally long, on the bottom two side studs
of the front previous piece, with the bar at the bottom.
29.2. Place a gold 1x1 plate with a vertical clip on one side, above the right stud of the previous piece,
with the clip at the right.
29.3. Place an orange 1x2 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece. At the right end of the
train, there should now be a row of three side studs above a row of two side studs.
30.1. Place a red 2x2 corner tile on the side studs at the right of the train, oriented like a Braille letter D
when viewed from the front, even with the right and top ends of the locomotive.
30.2. Place a red 2x2 corner plate with a rounded corner, to the left of the previous piece, oriented like a
Braille letter H when viewed from the front. It should fit into the previous piece like a puzzle piece.
Keeping the wheels at the bottom, rotate the train so the bumper is at the right. This makes the left, lower
wall of the cab where the engineer works!
31.1. We’re going to repeat steps 29-30 symmetrically on this side of the locomotive. Place a black 1x2
plate with a bar on one long side, horizontally long, on the bottom two side studs at the left end of the
locomotive, with the bar at the bottom.
31.2. Place a gold 1x1 plate with a vertical clip on one side, above the left stud of the previous piece, with
the clip at the left.
31.3. Place an orange 1x2 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece. At the left end of the
train, there should now be a row of three side studs above a row of two side studs.
32.1. Place a red 2x2 corner tile on the side studs at the left of the train, oriented like a Braille letter F
when viewed from the front, even with the left and top ends of the locomotive.
32.2. Place a red 2x2 corner plate with a rounded corner, to the right of the previous piece, oriented like a
Braille letter J when viewed from the front. It should fit into the previous piece like a puzzle piece. This is
the right lower wall of the cab!
Open group 11.
33.1. Place a red 1x4 tile with one stud at each end, vertically long, on top of the two 1x1 bricks with side
studs on top of the locomotive, above the left two driving wheels.
33.2. Place a red 1x3 brick, horizontally long, to the left of the front stud of the previous piece, and
another to the left of the back stud.
34.1. Place a red 1x2 concave slope, vertically long, to the left of the front piece from the previous step,
with the thick part at the front. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
34.2. Place a red 2x3 plate, horizontally long, to the left of each of the previous pieces, offset one stud to
the front and back so there is a two stud vertical gap between them.They should be even with the front
and back sides of the locomotive, and with the left side. These make the floor of the cab!
35.1. Place a red 1x3 brick, horizontally long, on the front concave slope to the right of the previous piece,
even with the left side of the concave slope, so there are two exposed studs to the right. Place another
symmetrically on the back of the locomotive.
35.2. Place a red 1x2 plate with rounded ends, horizontally long, to the right of each of the pieces from
the previous step.
35.3. Place a red 1x2 plate with two vertical clips on one long side, horizontally long, on the front piece
from the previous step, with the clips at the front. Place another symmetrically on the back of the
locomotive.
35.4. Place a red 1x2 plate with rounded ends, horizontally long, on each of the pieces from the previous
step. This rectangular assembly we’ve built is the firebox! It is where the fire is kept which heats the
steam to power the locomotive!
Open group 12.
36.1. Now we’ll make the engineer’s controls! Place a black 1x4 arch, vertically long and centered
vertically, to the left of the firebox. The transparent orange slope tiles should be inside the arch, and there
should be two exposed studs to the left of the arch.
36.2. Place a black 1x4 brick with four studs on one long side, horizontally long, on the previous piece,
with the side studs at the left.
36.3. Place a clear 1x1 circular tile on the back and front side studs of the previous piece. These are
gauges!
36.4. Place a gold 1x1 circular tile with an upwards facing bar onto the second side stud from the back on
the 1x4 with side studs, with the bar pointing left.
36.4. Place the handle of a gold nozzle into the second side stud from the front on the 1x4 with side
studs, so the long part of the nozzle hangs down.. The nozzle is a bar, with a ribbed handle extending
down from the middle, so it is kind of shaped like a lop-sided capital letter T.
37. Place a red 1x3 brick with a “5972” sticker on one side, horizontally long, with the sticker at the front,
in front of the engineer’s controls, even with the left side of the locomotive. The sticker is the train’s
number, and the numbers are written in gold over a black background with gold trim! Place another 1x3
brick with a sticker symmetrically on the back wall of the cab.
Open group 13.
38.1. Now it’s time to start the boiler, so set the locomotive aside. The boiler is a large cylinder, lying on
its side. On the Hogwarts Express, the boiler is bright red, except for a few feet at the front, which are
painted black. Place a black 2x10 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
38.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with a 2x2 of studs extending up from one side, horizontally long, on the
right two studs on the back row of the previous piece, with the side studs at the back.
39.1. Place another white 1x2 plate with a 2x2 of side studs, symmetrically in front of the previous piece.
39.2. Place a light blue 1x2 brick, vertically long, on the right upwards studs, of the previous pieces.
40. Place eight more white 1x2 plates with a 2x2 of side studs to the left of the first pair, keeping the same
orientation, until the entire 2x10 plate is covered.
41.1. Place a light blue 2x4 brick, horizontally long, to the left of the 1x2 brick. Place another to the left of
the first.
41.2. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece.
42.1. Place another orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the left column of the left 2x4 brick.
42.2. Place a white 2x8 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece. Its right end should be
even with the right end of the boiler.
43. Place a light gray 1x2 brick with a stud on one long side, vertically long, on the left column of the
boiler, with the side stud on the left. Its top should be even with the top of the boiler.
Open groups 14 and 15. Group 15 has all of the black pieces for building the boiler, while group 14 has all
the other pieces.
44.1.Place a red 1x2 plate with two studs extending up on one side, horizontally long, on the two
rightmost studs on the front row on top of the boiler, with the side studs at the front. Place another
symmetrically behind the first. Repeat these two pieces three more times to the left of the first pair.
44.2. Place two black 1x2 plates with two studs extending up one side, to the left of the pieces from the
previous step, in the same orientation.
45.1. Place a black 1x2 slope tile, horizontally long, on the leftmost two studs on the bottom row of side
studs on the front of the boiler, with the thickest part upwards.
45.2. Place a red 1x2 slope tile, horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece, in the same
orientation. Repeat this piece three more times to the right of the first until the entire bottom row of the
boiler is covered.
46.1. Place an orange 1x2 plate, horizontally long, on the two leftmost studs on the middle row of side
studs.
46.2. Place a light blue 1x4 plate, horizontally long, on the four rightmost studs on the middle row of side
studs.
47.1. Place a red 2x2 curved slope tile on the two rightmost studs of the previous piece, placing the cut
out on the previous piece, so it slopes up and away from you.
47.1. Place a red 2x4 curved slope tile, horizontally long, on the side studs, between the 1x2 and 1x4
plates, with the thick part at the bottom.
48.1. Place a red 1x1 tile with a clip on top, on each of the lower two studs between the two curved slope
tiles, with the clips vertical.
48.2. Place a black 1x1 tile with a clip on top, on each of the lower two studs to the left of the 2x4 curved
slope tile, with the clips vertical.
49.1. Place a black 1x2 slope tile, horizontally long, on the side studs above the previous pieces, with the
thick part at the bottom.
49.2. Place a red 1x2 slope tile, horizontally long, on the side studs above the right set of 1x1 tiles with
clips, with the thick part at the bottom. Keeping the top stud pointing upwards, rotate the boiler so the side
studs on the back are now at the front.
50.1. Place a black 1x2 slope tile, horizontally long, on the rightmost two studs on the bottom row of side
studs on the front of the boiler, with the thickest part upwards.
50.2. Place a red 1x2 slope tile, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece, in the same orientation.
Repeat this piece three more times to the left of the first until the entire bottom row of the boiler is
covered.
51.1. Place an orange 1x2 plate, horizontally long, on the two rightmost studs on the middle row of side
studs.
51.2. Place a light blue 1x4 plate, horizontally long, on the four leftmost studs on the middle row of side
studs.
52.1. Place a red 2x2 curved slope tile on the two leftmost studs of the previous piece, placing the cut out
on the previous piece, so it slopes up and away from you.
52.1. Place a red 2x4 curved slope tile, horizontally long, on the side studs, between the 1x2 and 1x4
plates, with the thick part at the bottom.
53.1. Place a red 1x1 tile with a clip on top, on each of the lower two studs between the two curved slope
tiles, with the clips vertical.
53.1. Place a black 1x1 tile with a clip on top, on each of the lower two studs to the right of the 2x4 curved
slope tile, with the clips vertical.
54.1. Place a black 1x2 slope tile, horizontally long, on the side studs above the previous pieces, with the
thick part at the bottom.
54.2. Place a red 1x2 slope tile, horizontally long, on the side studs above the left set of 1x1 tiles with
clips, with the thick part at the bottom.
55.1. Now we’ll build the funnel! Place a black 2x2 thick plate with horizontal grooves all around, on the
rightmost two columns on the top of the boiler.
55.2. Place a black 2x2 circular brick on the previous piece.
55.3. Push a black 3L bar down through the upwards facing axle hole in the middle of the previous piece.
Push it down as far as it will go.
55.4. Push a gold 2x2 dish down over the previous piece so it is concave up.
55.5. Push a black 1x1 circular plate with a hole through the stud, with the stud down, onto the bar.
56. Push a black 3L bar into the side stud on the right side of the boiler.
57.1. Now we’ll make the front of the boiler! Place a black 4x4 circular brick in front of you. Rotate it so
there are two studs at the back, two at the front, and two on each side.
57.2. Place a dark tan 2x2 circular tile with a single stud on top, on the previous piece, centered vertically
and horizontally.
57.3. Find a black 2x2 quarter circle tile with a quarter circle cut-out. Because this looks like a macaroni
noodle, I’ll call it a macaroni tile. Place one macaroni tile on the back left corner of the 4x4 circular brick
by attaching it to the left stud in the back row, and the back stud in the left row. It should wrap around the
previous piece and follow the curve of the 4x4 circular brick. Repeat this two more times in the front two
corners.
57.4. You should have two exposed studs in the upper right corner now. Place a black 1x1 circular plate
with a hole through the stud on each of these studs.
57.5. Place a black 2x2 dish on the stud at the center of the assembly.
57.6. Place a red 2x2 macaroni tile with a “HOGWARTS EXPRESS” sticker, on the two circular plates so
it follows the curve of the 4x4 brick.
57.7. Now we’ll attach it to the boiler. Rotate the front assembly so that the macaroni tile with the sticker is
at the right, and on top. Push this assembly onto the 3L bar at the right of the boiler. Once it’s attached,
make sure the macaroni tile with the sticker stays on top.
Open group 16.
58.1. Now let’s add some detail to the top of the boiler! Place a tan 2x14 plate, horizontally long, on top of
the boiler to the left of the funnel. It should overhang six studs to the left.
58.2. Place a dark gray 2x2 inverted curved slope with a cutout, on the leftmost column of the previous
piece, with the thick part overhanging to the left by one column. The bottom of the left end should slope
up to the left.
58.3. Place a red 1x2 plate with rounded ends, vertically long, on the right column of the previous piece.
59.1. Place a red 2x3 tile, horizontally long, to the left of the funnel. Place another, horizontally long, to
the left of the first.
59.2. Place a red 2x2 tile with a single stud on top to the left of the previous piece. Its left end should be
even with the left end of the rounded portion of the boiler.
60.1. Place a gold 2x2 dish on the previous piece.
60.2. Place a gold 1x1 truncated cone on the previous piece.
61. Now we’ll attach the boiler to the rest of the locomotive! Place the frame in front of you, with the
bumper at the right. Attach the boiler to the frame, centered vertically. The left end of the rounded portion
of the boiler should touch the right end of the rectangular firebox on the frame. The dark gray inverted
curved slope should overhang the engineer’s controls by one stud to the left.
62.1. Place a red 1x2 curved slope with a cut out, vertically long, to the left of the rounded portion of the
boiler. Place it so it slopes down to the front and attaches to the firebox. Place another symmetrically
behind the first.
62.2. Place a red 2x4 curved slope with a cut out, horizontally long, to the left of each of the previous
pieces, in the same orientation. There should be a 2x5 rectangle of studs on top of the firebox.
63.1. Place a red 2x3 tile, horizontally long, on the right three columns on the firebox.
63.2. Place a red 2x2 tile with a single stud on top, to the left of the previous piece.
64.1. Place a gold 1x1 circular tile with an upwards facing bar on the previous piece.
64.2. Find the two columns of studs on the top left portion of the train. Place a red 1x1 circular brick in
front of the right column of studs on the top left portion of the train. It should be attached directly above
the engineer’s controls. Place another red circular brick symmetrically on the back of the train.
65.1. Assemble two windows by putting a clear window plate into a red 1x2x2 tall window frame. Place
one window, with the window glass at the front, in front of the previous piece on the cab walls, leaving
one exposed stud to the left. Place the other window symmetrically on the back wall of the cab.
65.2. Place a red 1x1 plate with a horizontal clip on one side, to the left of each of the previous pieces,
with the clips at the left.
Open group 17.
66.1. The cab needs a roof to keep the engineer dry! Place a dark gray 2x4 plate, horizontally long, in
front of you.
66.2. Place a black 2x3 curved slope tile, vertically long, on the right two studs on the front row of the
previous piece, with the thick part at the back. It should slope down to the front and extend two studs to
the front of the 2x4 plate. Place another to the left of the first. Place two more symmetrically on the back
row of the 2x4 plate.
66.3. Attach the roof to the cab windows, with the right ends aligned.
67. Now we’ll make handholds for the crew! We’ll start at the cab. Attach a red 6L bar with a stop, with the
stop at the bottom, to the two clips on the left side of the front wall of the cab. The stop should touch the
lower clip from the bottom. Attach another 6L bar to the clips on the back wall of the cab.
68.1. Place a red 1x1 circular plate in front of you, and attach a red 1x1 circular brick on top.
68.2. Push a red 6L bar with a stop into the top of the previous piece, with the stop at the bottom. Push it
down until the stop hits the circular brick. Rotate this handrail so it is horizontally long, with the circular
brick at the left.
68.3. Attach this to the leftmost pair of clips on the locomotive, pushing the circular plate up against the
cab on the left.
69.1. Attach another red 6L bar with a stop into the clips to the right of the previous piece. The stop
should go on the left, between the two clips.
69.2. Attach a black 3L bar into the clips to the right of the previous piece.
70. Find a black 3x3 macaroni tile with a sticker on it. This sticker says “HOGWARTS EXPRESS” on it, on
a black background with a gold border. Attach the left end of the macaroni to the side stud on the boiler
above the middle driving wheel. Rotate the macaroni tile so it arches to the right over the center driving
wheel like a rainbow. The left and right ends should be level with each other. Keeping the wheels down,
rotate the train so the bumper is on the left.
71.1. Now we’ll put the rails on the other side of the engine. Place a red 1x1 circular plate in front of you,
and attach a red 1x1 circular brick on top.
71.2. Push a red 6L bar with a stop into the top of the previous piece, with the stop at the bottom. Push it
down until the stop hits the circular brick. Rotate this handrail so it is horizontally long, with the circular
brick at the right.
71.3. Attach this to the rightmost pair of clips on the locomotive, pushing the circular plate up against the
cab on the right.
72.1. Attach another red 6L bar with a stop into the clips to the left of the previous piece. The stop should
go on the right, between the two clips.
72.2. Attach a black 3L bar into the clips to the left of the previous piece.
73. Find a black 3x3 macaroni tile with a sticker on it. This sticker says “HOGWARTS EXPRESS” on it, on
a black background with a gold border. Attach the right end of the macaroni to the side stud on the boiler
above the middle driving wheel. Rotate the macaroni tile so it arches to the left over the center driving
wheel like a rainbow. The left and right ends should be level with each other.
Now the locomotive is complete! To allow the train to go onto curved rails, it is important to allow the
bogie holding the front wheels to move. To do this, hinge the bumper down and away from the body of
the locomotive until it disconnects from the studs. Then pull the bar off of the clip under the locomotive.
With the bumper removed, flip it over so the pegs are now at the bottom and the bar is on top. Reconnect
it to the studs. The clip on the bogie should go between the studs so they restrict it from moving too far!
Now the bogie can rotate, allowing the locomotive to navigate turns! You can undo what we just did by
performing the reverse, which will lock the bogie in the forward position!
Open bag 3.
Open minifigure group 3.
Assemble the conductor minifigure by attaching the hat to the head, the head to the bar on top of the
torso, and the torso to the legs! The conductor wears a burgundy hat, pants, vest, and jacket. He has a
white shirt with a tie underneath his vest. He has a white beard with a gray mustache.
Main-build 2: Tender
Open group 18, there are two red 1x8 bricks with stickers on them in this group. Find these and set them
aside.
74.1. Now we will start building the tender for the locomotive. This small car holds the fuel and water for
the locomotive! Place a dark red 6x10 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
74.2. Place a red 1x4 brick, vertically long and centered vertically, on the rightmost column of the
previous piece.
75. Place two red 1x2 bricks with a horizontal clip on one side, vertically long, on the previous piece in a
horizontal row with the clips on the right.
76. Place a red 1x1 brick with an upright bar on one side in the front right corner of the 6x10 plate, with
the bar at the right. Place another on top of the first in the same orientation. Make another stack on the
back right stud, also with the bars at the right.
77. Place two red 1x8 bricks, horizontally long and centered horizontally, one in the front row and one in
the back row. There should be one exposed stud to the left of these pieces.
78. Place a red 2x2 tile with two studs on top behind the front previous piece, even with the left end of the
tender, with the stud at the back. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
79. Place a black 1x4 brick, vertically long centered vertically, to the right of the previous pieces. Stack
another on top of the first.
80. Place a red 1x8 brick with a “HOGWARTS EXPRESS” sticker on one side, horizontally long, in front
of the previous piece, on the existing 1x8 brick, with the sticker at the front. Place another symmetrically
at the back of the tender.
81. Place a red 1x1 brick with an upright bar on one side, to the left of each of the previous pieces, with
the bar at the left. Place another red 1x1 brick with an upright bar on one side on the previous two pieces,
with the bar at the left.
82.1. Place a red 1x10 plate, horizontally long, on the front and back rows of the tender, even with the left
and right ends of the tender.
82.2. Place a black 4x8 plate, horizontally long, between the previous two pieces, with the right end even
with the right end of the tender. When you’re done with this group, you should have a black 1x2 jumper
plate left over.
Open group 19.
83.1. Place the leftover black 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the right column
of the previous piece.
83.2. Place a dark gray 2x2 circular tile with a single stud on top to the left of the previous piece.
83.3. Place a red 1x2 jumper plate, horizontally long, on the front and back rows, even with the right end
of the tender.
84. Place a black 1x1 circular tile on the vertical 1x2 jumper plate, and another on the 2x2 circular tile. Do
not put one on either of the horizontal jumper plates.
85.1. Place a red 1x6 plate vertically long in front of you.
85.2. Place a red 1x4 tile with a wall on one side, vertically long and centered vertically, on the previous
piece, with the wall at the right.
85.3. Place two red 1x1 plates, one in front of and one behind the previous piece.
85.4. Place a red 1x2 curved slope with a cut out, horizontally long, on each of the previous pieces,
extending one stud to the right. Attach it by placing the cutout on the 1x1 plate. It should slope down to
the right.
85.5. Keep this assembly vertically long, with the curved slopes at the right. Attach this assembly to the
left of the horizontal jumper plates at the right end of the tender.
86.1. Place two red 1x4 bricks, horizontally long, on the front and back rows of the tender, to the left of
the previous piece.
86.2. Place two red 1x2 concave slopes, horizontally long, on the front and back rows of the tenders, to
the left of the previous pieces, with the tall portion at the right so they slope down to the left.
87. Place two red 1x6 tiles, horizontally long, on the front and back rows on top of the tender. The left
ends should be on the stud on the previous pieces.
88. Find the 4x4 raised platform between the two previous pieces inside the tender. Place two black 1x1
half cylinder tiles on the front and back studs in the leftmost column on the 4x4 raised section in the
tender, with the curved tops in line. Keeping the concave slopes at the left, and the tender horizontally
long, flip it over so the studs are down. 
Open group 20.
89.1. Now we’ll make the couplers which attach the tender to the locomotive and other cars! Place a dark
gray 2x10 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
89.2. Place a light gray 2x6 tile, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the previous piece.
89.3. Place a dark gray 2x3 plate with one rounded end with a hole in it, horizontally long, to the left of the
previous piece, with the hole at the left. The hole should overhang one stud to the left. Place another
symmetrically on the right side.
89.4. Keep this piece horizontally long, and flip it over so the studs are down. Attach it to the bottom of the
tender, centered vertically and horizontally. The rounded ends of the 2x3 plates with rounded ends should
extend one stud past the tender to the left and right.
90.1. Now we’ll build the bumper for the tender! Place a black 1x6 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
90.2. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with rounded ends, horizontally long, on the left two studs of the
previous piece. Place another, horizontally long, on the right two studs.
90.3. Place a black 1x2 plate with two studs hanging down from the long side, horizontally long, on each
of the previous two pieces, with the studs at the front.
90.4. Place a red 1x2 jumper plate, horizontally long, on the side studs of each of the previous two
pieces.
90.5. Place a silver 1x1 circular plate on each of the previous two pieces.
90.6. Place a black 1x1 circular tile on each of the previous two pieces. These make the bumpers!
90.7. Rotate the bumper assembly so it is vertically long, with the circular tiles at the right, and the studs
down. Place it on the right column of anti-stud on the tender. The bumpers should extend to your right.
Open group 21.
91. Place a black 3x6 train wheel holder, vertically long and centered vertically, to the left of the previous
piece. Place two more, vertically long and centered vertically, to the left until they are even with the left
end of the tender.
92.1. Assemble a set of train wheels by placing two black train wheels on to the ends of a metal axle.
Note, this is NOT a TechnicTM axle, and it has a round cross section. Attach the axle into the flanged end
of the wheel. Make three sets of wheels in this way.
92.2. Attach the sets of wheels to the wheel holders on the tender by pushing the metal axle into the
vertically long clip on the wheel holder (which is currently on the top of the tender) until it clicks. The
wheels should spin freely. Keeping the bumper at the right, flip the tender over so it sits on its wheels.
93. Attach a dark gray shovel to the front clip on the right side of the tender.
94.1. Now we’ll make the coupler to attach the locomotive to the tender! Place a black 3L thick liftarm with
an axle hole at each end, horizontally long in front of you, with the axle holes up and down.
94.2. Push the axle of a tan 2L axle/pin combo into the axle holes at the left and right ends of the previous
piece, from the bottom so the pin hangs down.
94.3. Push the rightmost pin of the right axle/pin combo down from the top into the rounded plate at the
left side of the tender. Now place the locomotive in front of you with the cab at the right. Push the leftmost
pin on the tender coupler down from the top into the rounded plate under the cab of the locomotive.
Now the tender is complete! It’s time to move on to the coaches for the students to ride to Hogwarts in!
Open Bag 4.
Minifigure group 4.
Assemble the Ron Weasley minifigure by attaching the hair to the head, the head to the stud on the torso,
and the torso onto the legs. Place a brown wand in his right hand. Ron wears the same uniform as Harry.
He has long, wavy red hair.
Ron needs a sandwich though! Build the sandwich by placing a pink 1x2 plate with rounded ends on a tan
1x2 plate. Top it off by placing a tan 1x2 tile on top. It looks like corned beef! I guess Ron’s mother forgot
he doesn’t care for corned beef…again!
Main-build 3 - First Coach
Open group 22.
96. Now it’s time to start building the coaches to carry the students to Hogwarts! Place a black 6x8 plate,
horizontally long, in front of you.
97.1. Place a tan 2x4 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the rightmost column of the
previous piece, overhanging by one column.
97.2. Place another 6x8 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the first, using the overhanging 2x4 plate to
attach the two plates together.
98. Place a tan 1x2 tile with walls on three sides, horizontally long, on the front row of the 2x4 plate, with
the open side at the back. Place another symmetrically on the back row of the 2x4 plate.
99. Place a red 1x2 brick with a Hogwarts crest sticker on one side, horizontally long, in front of the 2x4
plate, with the sticker at the front. Place another 1x2 brick with a sticker symmetrically behind the 2x4
plate. Make sure that the sticker on this piece faces behind the coach!
100. Place a red 1x4 brick, horizontally long, to the left of each of the two pieces from the previous step.
Place another red 1x4 brick, horizontally long, to the right of each of the two pieces from the previous
step.
101.1. Place a red 1x1 brick with a recessed stud on one side and a square hole on the other, to the left
of the front left piece from the previous step, with the side stud at the front. Place another to the right of
the front right piece from the previous step, also with the side stud at the front. Repeat these two pieces
symmetrically on the back of the coach.
101.2. Place a light gray T-shaped bar into each of the previous pieces, inserting the short side of the T
into the side stud, then rotating the T-shaped bar so it is oriented straight up and down.
102.1. Place a red 2x2 corner brick in the front left corner of the coach, oriented like a Braille letter H.
102.2. Place a red 2x2 corner brick with a “99721” sticker on the front right corner of the coach, oriented
like a Braille letter J so the sticker is at the front.
103.1. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the right column of the previous piece.
103.2. Place an orange 1x6 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the front stud of the previous piece.
103.3. Place an orange 1x2 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece.
103.4. Place an orange 1x6 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece.
103.5. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, with its front end even
with the front of the coach. It should cover the corner brick from step 102.1.
104.1. Place a dark red 1x1 plate on the back stud of the previous piece.
104.2. Place a dark red 1x8 plate, horizontally long, in front of the previous piece, with its left end even
with the left end of the coach. Place another, horizontally long, to the left of the first. Its right end should
be even with the right end of the coach.
104.3. Place a dark red 1x1 plate behind the rightmost stud of the previous piece.
105. Place a red 1x2 brick, vertically long, on the front two studs on the leftmost column of the coach.
This should be on top of the carriage wall. Place another red 1x2 brick on the first. Repeat these two
pieces at the right side of the coach. Keeping it horizontally long, rotate the coach so the wall is now at
the back.
106.1. We’re going to make the doors at the ends of the coach now! Place a black 1x2x3 tall brick, hollow
on one side, vertically long and centered vertically, on the leftmost column of the coach, with the flat side
at the left.
106.2. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with a rail on one side, vertically long, on the previous piece, with the
rail at the left.
106.3. Place a black 1x2 plate with rounded ends, vertically long, on the previous piece.
106.4. Repeat steps 106.1-106.3 symmetrically on the right side of the coach.
Open group 23.
107.1. Now we’ll build the seats in the coaches! Place a blue-gray chair to the right of the left door, with
its back to the left so it sits in the hollow portion of the door. Place another chair symmetrically on the right
side of the coach.
107.2. Place a light blue 2x2 tile to the right of the left chair, and another to the left of the right chair.
These are the tables inside the coaches! They’re a bit low, so you may need to use your imagination.
107.3. Place a blue-gray chair to the right of the left table, with its back at the right. Place another chair to
the left of the right table, with its back at the left. Now you can fit four students in the train!
108.1. Place a red 2x2 corner brick with a “99721” sticker on the front left corner of the coach, oriented
like a Braille letter H so the sticker is at the front.
108.2. Place a red 2x2 corner brick on the front right corner of the coach, oriented like a Braille letter J.
109.1. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the right column of the previous piece.
109.2. Place an orange 1x3 tile, horizontally long, to the left of the front stud of the previous piece.
109.3. Place an orange 1x1 tile to the left of the previous piece.
109.4. Place an orange 1x6 tile to the left of the previous piece.
109.5. Place an orange 1x1 tile to the left of the previous piece.
109.6. Place an orange 1x3 tile to the left of the previous piece.
109.7. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, with its front end even
with the front of the coach. It should cover the corner brick from step 108.1.
110.1. Place a dark red 1x1 plate on the back stud of the previous piece.
110.2. Place a red 1x1 brick with a recessed stud on one side and a square hole on the other, on the
previous piece, with the side stud at the left.
110.3. Place a transparent red 1x1 circular tile, on the side stud of the previous piece.
110.4. Place a red 1x1 brick on the top of the 1x1 brick with a recessed side stud.
110.5. Repeat steps 110.1-110.4 on the right end of the train. The front row of the carriage should have
one stud at each end, and otherwise be an unbroken row of tiles.
111. Assemble five windows by putting a clear window plate into a red 1x2x2 tall window frame. Find the
low wall at the back of the train. Place a window on the two leftmost studs on the low wall, horizontally
long, with the window pane at the back. It should touch the tall, left wall of the train. Skip a stud and place
another window in the same orientation. Repeat this three more times. The rightmost window should
touch the right wall of the coach.
112. Make four stacks of two red 1x1 bricks and place one stack between each pair of windows so the
back wall no longer has any gaps.
113.1. Place a dark red 1x8 plate, horizontally long, on the back wall, even with the left end of the train.
Place another to the right of the first. The entire back row should be covered now.
113.2. Place a dark red 1x4 plate, vertically long, in front of the leftmost and rightmost studs of the
previous two pieces. It should extend forwards and completely cover the tall portion of the left and right
coach walls.
Open group 24.
114.1. Place an orange 1x3 tile on the front three studs of each of the previous two pieces.
114.2. Place an orange 2x2 corner tile behind the left previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter F so it
turns to follow the wall. Place another symmetrically on the right side of the coach.
114.3. Place an orange 1x1 tile to the right of the left corner tile, and another to the left of the right corner
tile.
114.4. Place an orange 1x3 tile, horizontally long, to the right of the left piece from the previous step, and
another, horizontally long, to the left of the right piece from the previous step.
114.5. Place an orange 1x4 tile with a stud at each end, horizontally long, between the previous two
pieces. The entire top wall should be covered in tiles except for the two studs on this piece.
115. Now we’re going to make the removable front wall for the coach! Start by building a window by
putting a clear window plate into a red 1x2x2 tall window frame. Put the window in front of you,
horizontally long, with the window pane at the front.
116. Place the left stud of a horizontally long, dark red 1x8 plate under the right stud of the previous
piece. This piece should extend seven studs to the right of the window. Place another symmetrically to
the left of the first.
117. Make two stacks of two red 1x1 bricks. Place one stack on each piece from the previous step, on
either side of the window.
118. Assemble four more windows by putting a clear window plate into a red 1x2x2 tall window frame.
Place one window to the left of the left stack from the previous step, then skip a stud to the left and place
another window. There should be a single stud to the left of the left window. Repeat this symmetrically on
the right side.
119. Make four stacks of two red 1x1 bricks. Place one stack at each end, and one between the last two
pairs of windows. The wall should now be unbroken by gaps.
120. Place a dark red 1x8 plate, horizontally long, on the wall, even with the left end. Place another to the
right of the first so its right end is even with the right end of the wall.
121.1. Place an orange 1x6 tile, horizontally long, on the left piece from the previous step, even with the
left edge of the wall. Place another, horizontally long, even with the right edge of the wall.
121.2. Place an orange 1x4 tile with a stud at each end, horizontally long, between the previous two
pieces.
122. Place the coach in front of you, horizontally long, with the low wall at the front. Attach the wall we just
made on the low wall, with the left and right walls even. Keep the coach horizontally long and flip it over
so the studs are down, and the wall you just created is at the back.
Open group 25.
123. Now we will turn our attention to the underside of the coach! Place a dark gray 2x4 plate, vertically
long, centered horizontally and vertically on the bottom of the coach.
124.1. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with a rail on one side, horizontally long with the rail at the front, on the
front row of anti-stud on the previous piece. Place another symmetrically on the back row of the previous
piece.
124.2. Place a black 1x4 plate with an inverted slope at each end, horizontally long and centered
horizontally, on each of the pieces from the previous step.
125.1. Now we’ll make the couplers at both ends of the coach. Place a dark gray 2x3 plate with one
rounded end with a hole in it, horizontally long and centered vertically, on the left two columns of anti-stud
on the coach, with the rounded end extending one stud past the left end of the coach.
125.2. Place a tan 2x2 plate to the right of the previous piece.
125.3. Place a dark gray 2x4 plate, horizontally long, on the previous piece, with the right side even with
the right side of the previous piece. Its left end should be even with the left side of the train.
125.4 (126). Place a black 1x2 plate with rounded ends, vertically long, on the leftmost column of antistud on the previous piece.
126 (125.4). Repeat steps 125.1-125.3 symmetrically on the right side of the train.
127. Place a black 3x6 train wheel holder, vertically long and centered vertically to the left of the 1x2 plate
with rounded ends on the right coupler. Repeat this symmetrically for the left coupler.
128.1. Assemble a set of train wheels by placing two black train wheels on to the ends of a metal axle.
Note, this is NOT a TechnicTM axle, and it has a round cross section. Attach the axle into the flanged end
of the wheel. Make another set of wheels this way.
128.2. Attach the sets of wheels to the wheel holders on the coach like we did with the tender. Keep the
coach horizontally long and flip it back over so it stands on its wheel.
Open group 26.
129.1. Now we’ll work on the roof of the coach! Place a light gray 6x8 open rectangle plate in front of you,
horizontally long. It has two clips inside on one side. Place that side at your left.
129.2. Place a tan 2x4 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the right column of the previous
piece, overhanging one stud to the right.
130. Place another light gray 6x8 open rectangle plate, horizontally long with the clips on the right, under
the previous piece so it is in line with the first 6x8 open rectangle plate.
131. Place two dark gray 1x2 rail plates, vertically long, on the left column of the roof, in a vertical row,
centered vertically, with the rails at the left. Repeat this symmetrically on the right column of the roof.
132. Place a light gray 2x16 plate, horizontally long and centered vertically and horizontally, on the top of
the roof. Its left and right ends should be on the pieces from the previous step.
133. Place a light gray 2x2 curved slope tile in front of the left two studs of the previous piece. The thin
end should be at the front, even with the front, and the cutout should attach to the front leftmost 1x2 rail
plate. Place another symmetrically on the back of the roof. Place more curved slope tiles to the right of
the first pair, in the same orientation, until the entire roof is covered with curved slopes!
134. Now place the roof on the coach!
135.1. Now we’ll make the coupler to attach the coach to the tender! Place a black 3L thick liftarm with an
axle hole at each end, horizontally long in front of you, with the axle holes up and down.
135.2. Push the axle of a tan 2L axle/pin combo into the axle holes at the left and right ends of the
previous piece, from the bottom so the pin hangs down.
135.3. Push the rightmost pin of the right axle/pin combo down from the top into the rounded plate at the
left side of the tender. Now place the locomotive and tender in front of you with the tender at the right.
Push the leftmost pin on the coach coupler down from the top into the rounded plate at the right (nonlocomotive) end of the tender.
Congratulations! The first coach is complete! Just one more to build!
Open bag 5.
Minifigure group 5:
Assemble the trolley witch minifigure by attaching the hair to the head, the head to the bar on top of the
torso, and the torso to the legs! The trolley witch wears burgundy pants and vest over a pink long-sleeved
shirt. She has wavy gray hair, and a wrinkled face.
Open group 27, there are two light blue 1x1 circular plates stacked together, and three pink 1x2 plates
with rounded ends stacked together. Leave these pieces together. There is a 2x4 plate which has three
1x1 circular tiles on it. Find the row with two 1x1 circular tiles, these are white with a red swirl. Take them
off and set them aside for step 7.1. The 1x1 circular tile on the other side is the dark blue one with a
chocolate frog pattern. Take this off and set it aside, separate from the previous ones. We’ll use this for
step 8.3.
Sub-build 2: Trolley Witch’s Cart
1. Let’s build the trolley witch’s cart! Go ahead and set the train aside for now. Start by placing a green
2x4 plate, horizontally long in front of you.
2.1. Place a light green 1x1 circular plate on the second stud from the left in the back row of the previous
piece, and another on the second stud from the right in the front row. The light green circular plates are
not stacked together.
2.2. Place a light blue 1x1 circular plate on each of the previous two pieces. Remember, these are the
ones that are stacked together!
3.1. Place sand green 1x2 bricks, vertically long, on the leftmost and rightmost columns of the 2x4 plate.
3.2. Place a green 2x4 plate, horizontally long, on the previous pieces. It should be directly over top of the
first 2x4 plate.
4.1. Place a green 1x2 plate with a bar on one long side, vertically long, on the leftmost column of the
previous piece, with the bar on the left. This is the handle for pushing the cart!
4.2. Find the stack of three 1x2 plates with rounded ends. These are the pink ones, so take this stack
apart for this step. Place a pink 1x2 plate with rounded ends, vertically long to the right of the previous
piece. Place two more, vertically long, in a horizontal row to the right of the first. The rightmost one should
be even with the right end of the cart. Keep the handle at the left, and flip the cart over so the studs are
down.
5.1. Place a light gray 2x2 circular plate, centered horizontally, on the anti-stud on top of the cart.
5.2. Place a black 1x2 plate with rounded ends, vertically long, to the left of the circular plate from the
previous step, and another to the right. Flip the cart back upright, with the handle on the left.
6.1. Place a tan 2x2 plate on the left two columns on the top of the cart.
6.2. Now we’re going to make a couple of butter beers! Place a transparent yellow 1x1 circular brick to
the right of the previous piece, in the back row. Place another to the right of the first.
6.3. Place a light gray 1x1 circular tile on each of the pieces from the previous step.
7.1. Now let’s add some lollipops! Find a pale yellow 1x1 circular plate with a bar on one side (kind of
shaped like a lollipop). Place a white 1x1 circular tile with a red swirl pattern, on the stud of the previous
piece. Repeat this to make a second lollipop.
7.2. Place the lollipops by pushing the bar of a lollipop down through one of the studs in front of the butter
beers. These two studs are hollow so the bar can fit inside. Turn the lollipops so the circular tiles are at
the front!
8.1. Let’s put some more treats onto the cart! Place a white 1x1 brick with a Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor
Beans box pattern to the left of the lollipops.
8.2. Place a white 1x1 pyramid tile on the previous piece.
8.3. Place a dark blue 1x1 circular tile with a chocolate frog box pattern, to the left of the box of Every
Flavor Beans!
Now the trolley witch’s trolley is complete!
Main-build 4 - Second Coach
Open group 28.
137. Now build another coach, which is very similar to the first! Place a black 6x8 plate, horizontally long,
in front of you.
138.1. Place a tan 2x4 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the rightmost column of the
previous piece, overhanging by one column.
138.2. Place another 6x8 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the first, using the overhanging 2x4 plate
to attach the two plates together.
139. Place a tan 1x2 tile with walls on three sides, horizontally long, on the front row of the 2x4 plate, with
the open side at the back. Place another symmetrically on the back row of the 2x4 plate.
140. Place a red 1x2 brick with a Hogwarts crest sticker on one side, horizontally long, in front of the 2x4
plate, with the sticker at the front. Place another 1x2 brick with a sticker symmetrically behind the 2x4
plate. Make sure that the sticker on this piece faces behind the coach!
141. Place a red 1x4 brick, horizontally long, to the left of each of the two pieces from the previous step.
Place another red 1x4 brick, horizontally long, to the right of each of the two pieces from the previous
step.
142.1. Place red 1x1 brick with a recessed stud on one side and a square hole on the other, to the left of
the front left piece from the previous step, with the side stud at the front. Place another to the right of the
front right piece from the previous step, also with the side stud at the front. Repeat these two pieces
symmetrically on the back of the coach.
142.2. Place a light gray T-shaped bar into each of the previous pieces, inserting the short side of the T
into the side stud, then rotating the T-shaped bar so it is oriented straight up and down.
143.1. Place a red 2x2 corner brick in the front left corner of the coach, oriented like a Braille letter H.
143.2. Place a red 2x2 corner brick with a “76423” sticker on the front right corner of the coach, oriented
like a Braille letter J so the sticker is at the front. This sticker is the set number of this LEGO build!
144.1. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the right column of the previous piece.
144.2. Place an orange 1x6 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the front stud of the previous piece.
144.3. Place an orange 1x2 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece.
144.4. Place an orange 1x6 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece.
144.5. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, with its front end even
with the front of the coach. It should cover the corner brick from step 143.1.
145.1. Place a dark red 1x1 plate on the back stud of the previous piece.
145.2. Place a dark red 1x8 plate, horizontally long, in front of the previous piece, with its left end even
with the left end of the coach. Place another, horizontally long, to the right of the first. Its right end should
be even with the right end of the coach.
154.3. Place a dark red 1x1 plate behind the rightmost stud of the previous piece.
146. Place a red 1x2 brick, vertically long, on the front two studs on the leftmost column of the coach.
This should be on top of the carriage wall. Place another red 1x2 brick on the first. Repeat these two
pieces at the right side of the coach. Keeping it horizontally long, rotate the coach so the wall is now at
the back.
147.1. We’re going to make the doors at the ends of the coach now! Place a black 1x2x3 tall brick, hollow
on one side, vertically long and centered vertically, on the leftmost column of the coach, with the flat side
at the left.
147.2. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with a rail on one side, vertically long, on the previous piece, with the
rail at the left.
147.3. Place a black 1x2 plate with rounded ends, vertically long, on the previous piece.
147.4. Repeat steps 147.1-147.3 symmetrically on the right side of the coach.
Open group 29.
148.1. Now we’ll build the seats in the coaches! Place a blue-gray chair to the right of the left door, with
its back to the left so it sits in the hollow portion of the door.
148.2. Place a light blue 2x2 tile to the right of the previous piece. Once again, this is the table in the
coach.
148.3. Place a blue-gray chair to the right of the table, with its back at the right. Skip two studs to the right
and place another chair, with its back to the left.
148.4. Now we’ll build the space for the trolley witch’s cart! Place a light blue 1x2 tile vertically long to the
right of the previous piece.
148.5. Place a tan 2x4 tile with two studs on top, vertically long, to the right of the previous piece. The
trolley witch’s cart can attach to one of these two studs, while the trolley witch herself can stand on the
other!
148.6. Place a light blue 1x2 tile, vertically long and centered vertically, to the right of the previous piece.
149.1. Place a red 2x2 corner brick with a “76423” sticker on the front left corner of the coach, oriented
like a Braille letter H so the sticker is at the front.
149.2. Place a red 2x2 corner brick on the front right corner of the coach, oriented like a Braille letter J.
150.1. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the right column of the previous piece.
150.2. Place an orange 1x3 tile, horizontally long, to the left of the front stud of the previous piece.
150.3. Place an orange 1x1 tile to the left of the previous piece.
150.4. Place an orange 1x6 tile to the left of the previous piece.
150.5. Place an orange 1x1 tile to the left of the previous piece.
150.6. Place an orange 1x3 tile to the left of the previous piece.
150.7. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, with its front end even
with the front of the coach. It should cover the corner brick from step 108.1.
151.1. Place a dark red 1x1 plate on the back stud of the previous piece.
151.2. Place a red 1x1 brick with a recessed stud on one side and a square hole on the other, on the
previous piece, with the side stud at the left.
151.3. Place a transparent red 1x1 circular tile, on the side stud of the previous piece.
151.4. Place a red 1x1 brick on the top of the 1x1 brick with a recessed side stud.
151.5. Repeat steps 110.1-110.4 on the right end of the train. The front row of the carriage should have
one stud at each end, and otherwise be an unbroken row of tiles.
152. Assemble a window by putting a clear window plate into a red 1x2x2 tall window frame. Find the low
wall at the back of the train. Place the window on the two rightmost studs on the low wall, horizontally
long, with the window pane at the back. It should touch the tall, right wall of the train.
153. Make a stack of two red 1x4 bricks and place it, horizontally long, to the left of the window from the
previous step.
154. Assemble three more windows by putting a clear window plate into a red 1x2x2 tall window frame.
Place a window, horizontally long, to the left of the pieces from the previous step, with the window pane at
the back. Skip a stud and place another window in the same orientation. Repeat this one more time. The
leftmost window should touch the left wall of the coach.
155. Make two stacks of two red 1x1 bricks and place them between the windows from the previous step.
156.1. Place a dark red 1x8 plate, horizontally long, on the back wall, even with the left end of the train.
Place another to the right of the first. The entire back row should be covered now.
156.2. Place a dark red 1x4 plate, vertically long, in front of the leftmost and rightmost studs of the
previous two pieces. It should extend forwards and completely cover the tall portion of the left and right
coach walls.
Open group 30.
157.1. Place an orange 1x3 tile on the front three studs of each of the previous two pieces.
157.2. Place an orange 2x2 corner tile behind the left previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter F so it
turns to follow the wall. Place another symmetrically on the right side of the coach.
157.3. Place an orange 1x1 tile to the right of the left corner tile, and another to the left of the right corner
tile.
157.4. Place an orange 1x3 tile, horizontally long, to the right of the left piece from the previous step, and
another, horizontally long, to the left of the right piece from the previous step.
157.5. Place an orange 1x4 tile with a stud at each end, horizontally long, between the previous two
pieces. The entire top wall should be covered in tiles except for the two studs on this piece.
158. Now we’re going to make the removable front wall for the coach! Start by building a window by
putting a clear window plate into a red 1x2x2 tall window frame. Put the window in front of you,
horizontally long, with the window pane at the front.
159. Place the left stud of a horizontally long, dark red 1x8 plate under the right stud of the previous
piece. This piece should extend seven studs to the right of the window. Place another symmetrically to
the left of the first.
160. Make a stack of two red 1x4 bricks and place it, horizontally long, to the right of the window from the
previous step.
161.1. Assemble three more windows by putting a clear window plate into a red 1x2x2 tall window frame.
Place one window to the right of the pieces from the previous step. There should be a single stud to the
right of this window.
161.2. Place another window on the second and third studs from the left edge of the wall. Skip a stud to
the right and place another window. There should now be three windows on the left side of the wall, each
with a single stud gap between them.
162. Make four stacks of two red 1x1 bricks. Place one stack in the gaps between the three left windows,
and another at each end of the wall. The wall should now be unbroken by gaps.
163. Place a dark red 1x8 plate, horizontally long, on the wall, even with the left end. Place another to the
right of the first so its right end is even with the right end of the wall.
164.1. Place an orange 1x6 tile, horizontally long, on the left piece from the previous step, even with the
left edge of the wall. Place another, horizontally long, even with the right edge of the wall.
164.2. Place an orange 1x4 tile with a stud at each end, horizontally long, between the previous two
pieces.
165. Place the coach in front of you, horizontally long, with the low wall at the front. Attach the wall we just
made on the low wall, with the left and right walls even. Keep the coach horizontally long and flip it over
so the studs are down, and the wall you just created is at the back.
Open group 31.
166. Now we’ll build the underside like we did with the last coach. Place a dark gray 2x4 plate, vertically
long, centered horizontally and vertically on the bottom of the coach.
167.1. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with a rail on one side, horizontally long with the rail at the front, on the
front row of anti-stud on the previous piece. Place another symmetrically on the back row of the previous
piece.
167.2. Place a black 1x4 plate with an inverted slope at each end, horizontally long and centered
horizontally, on each of the pieces from the previous step.
168.1. Now we’ll make the couplers at both ends of the coach. Place a dark gray 2x3 plate with one
rounded end with a hole in it, horizontally long and centered vertically, on the left two columns of anti-stud
on the coach, with the rounded end extending one stud past the left end of the coach.
168.2. Place a tan 2x2 plate to the right of the previous piece.
168.3. Place a dark gray 2x4 plate, horizontally long, on the previous piece, with the right side even with
the right side of the previous piece. Its left end should be even with the left side of the train.
168.4 (127). Place a black 1x2 plate with rounded ends, vertically long, on the leftmost column of antistud on the previous piece.
169 (166.4). Repeat steps 125.1-125.3 symmetrically on the right side of the train.
170. Place a black 3x6 train wheel holder, vertically long and centered vertically to the left of the 1x2 plate
with rounded ends on the right coupler. Repeat this symmetrically for the left coupler.
171.1. Assemble a set of train wheels by placing two black train wheels on to the ends of a metal axle.
Note, this is NOT a TechnicTM axle, and it has a round cross section. Attach the axle into the flanged end
of the wheel. Make another set of wheels this way.
171.2. Attach the sets of wheels to the wheel holders on the coach like we did with the tender. Keep the
coach horizontally long and flip it back over so it stands on its wheels.
Open group 32.
172.1. Now we’ll work on the roof of the coach! Place a light gray 6x8 open rectangle plate in front of you,
horizontally long. It has two clips inside on one side. Place that side at your left.
172.2. Place a tan 2x4 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the right column of the previous
piece, overhanging one stud to the right.
173. Place another light gray 6x8 open rectangle plate, horizontally long with the clips on the right, under
the previous piece so it is in line with the first 6x8 open rectangle plate.
174. Place two dark gray 1x2 rail plates, vertically long, on the left column of the roof, in a vertical row,
centered vertically, with the rails at the left. Repeat this symmetrically on the right column of the roof.
175. Place a light gray 2x16 plate, horizontally long and centered vertically and horizontally, on the top of
the roof. Its left and right ends should be on the pieces from the previous step.
176. Place a light gray 2x2 curved slope tile in front of the left two studs of the previous piece. The thin
end should be at the front, even with the front, and the cutout should attach to the front leftmost 1x2 rail
plate. Place another symmetrically on the back of the roof. Place more curved slope tiles to the right of
the first pair, in the same orientation, until the entire roof is covered with curved slopes!
177. Now place the roof on the coach!
178.1. Now we’ll make the coupler to attach the coach to the tender! Place a black 3L thick liftarm with an
axle hole at each end, horizontally long in front of you, with the axle holes up and down.
178.2. Push the axle of a tan 2L axle/pin combo into the axle holes at the left and right ends of the
previous piece, from the bottom so the pin hangs down.
179. Push the rightmost pin of the right axle/pin combo down from the top into the rounded plate at the
left side of the tender. Now place the train in front of you with the first coach at the right. Push the leftmost
pin on the second coach’s coupler down from the top into the rounded plate at the right end of the first
coach.
Congratulations! Now the train is complete! Only the station and track remains.
Open bag 6.
Open minifigure group 6.
Assemble the Draco Malfoy minifigure by attaching the hair to the head, the head to the stud on the torso,
and the torso onto the legs. Place a black wand in his right hand. Draco also wears a school uniform of
black pants, and a black jacket with green lapels and a green Slytherin badge on the left side.Under his
jacket, he wears a white shirt with a green tie. He has short blonde hair, and a devious smirk.
Main-Build 5: Train station
Open group 33.
1.1. Now we’re going to build Hogsmeade station. We start by making the platform. Place a green 1x6
plate, vertically long, in front of you.
1.2. Place a tan 1x4 brick, vertically long and centered vertically, on the previous piece.
2. Place one dark gray 1x2 brick with a pin-hole on the long side, vertically long, in front of the previous
piece, and another symmetrically behind. These should overhang the 1x6 plate by one stud.
3. Place one light gray 1x12 plate, horizontally long, under the overhanging stud under the front 1x2 from
the previous step, and another under the overhanging stud under the back 1x2. Place them with the right
stud even with the right of the build so they extend to the left.
4.1. Place a dark gray 1x6 brick, horizontally long, on each of the previous pieces, to the left of the 1x2
bricks with pin-holes.
4.2. Place a tan 1x2 brick with a log pattern, to the left of the back 1x6 from the previous step.
4.3. Place a light gray 2x3 slope, vertically long, to the left of the front 1x6 from step 4.1, with the thick
part at the back and attached to the 1x12 plate. It should slope down to the front. There should be three
exposed studs to the left of this piece and the previous piece.
5. Place a dark gray 1x6 brick, horizontally long, to the left of each of the previous two pieces.
6. Place a light gray 6x8 vertically long on top of the platform, even with the right end of the build. It
should not overhang at all. Place another to the left of the first.
7. Place one light gray 1x12 plate, horizontally long, under the overhanging studs under the front 1x6 from
step 4.1, and another under the overhanging stud under the back 1x6. They should extend nine studs to
the left.
8.1. Place a tan 1x2 brick with a log pattern, to the left of the back 1x6 from step 5.
8.2. Place a light gray 2x3 slope, vertically long, to the left of the front 1x6 from step 5, with the thick part
at the back and attached to the 1x12 plate. It should slope down to the front.
8.3. Place a dark gray 1x6 brick, horizontally long, to the left of each of the previous two pieces. There
should just be one exposed stud to the left of each of the previous two pieces.
9.1. Place one dark gray 1x2 brick with a pin-hole on one side, vertically long, to the left of the front
previous piece, extending one stud to the back. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the build.
9.2. Place a green 1x6 plate, vertically long, under the previous two pieces. There should be only four
exposed studs on the 1x6 plate, and they should be centered vertically.
9.3. Place a tan 1x4 brick, vertically long, on the previous piece, centered vertically.
10. Place a light gray 6x8 plate vertically long, to the left of the previous 4x8 plate from step 6. Place
another to the left of the first so it covers all of the studs on the platform.
Open group 34.
11.1. Now we’ll start building the station itself! It’s built directly onto the platform. Start by placing a tan
1x4 brick, vertically long, on the back four studs in the rightmost column on the platform.
11.2. Place a tan 2x4 brick, horizontally long, to the left of the front two rows of the previous piece.
12.1. We’re going to build a fireplace in the train station! This will be its base. Place a dark tan 2x2 corner
brick to the left of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter J. Place another behind the first,
oriented like a Braille letter D.
12.2. There should be two studs between the left arms of the two corner pieces. We’ll build a fire there!
Place a transparent orange 1x1 slope tile on the front stud between the corner pieces, with the thick part
at the right. Place another behind the first, with the thick part at the front. The fireplace now closes off the
base of the first room of the train station. This little room at the back right will be the bathroom!
13.1. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, horizontally long, in front of the front corner pieces from step 12.1. A
masonry brick has a brick wall pattern on one side, and horizontal grooves on the other side. The side
with vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the front.
13.2. Place a dark tan 1x4 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece.
14.1. Now we’ll start building up the walls, starting with the bathroom! Place a 1x2 tan masonry brick,
vertically long, on the back two studs on the rightmost wall of the station. The side with vertical and
horizontal grooves should be at the right.
14.2. Place a dark tan 2x2 corner brick in front of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter J. It
should extend one stud to the left, along the front wall of the bathroom.
14.3. Place a 1x2 tan masonry brick, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece, on the bathroom
wall. The side with vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the front.
14.4. Place a dark tan 2x2 corner brick to the left of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter F. It
should extend one stud to the front.
15.1. Place a dark tan 1x2 brick with a log pattern, vertically long, behind the left column of the previous
piece.
15.2. Place a dark tan 1x1 brick behind the previous piece. It should be even with the back wall of the
station. Place another dark tan 1x1 brick to the left of the front stud of the last corner piece. It should be
even with the left wall of the fireplace.
16.1. Place a dark tan 1x4 plate, vertically long, on the back right wall of the bathroom.
16.2. Place a black 1x2 plate with a vertical clip on one long side, horizontally long, to the left of the front
stud of the previous piece, with the clip at the front. Place another horizontally long, to the left of the first,
with the clip at the front.
16.3. Place a dark tan 1x4 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, so it is even with the
back wall of the station.
17.1. Now we’re going to make a couple of buckets! Do this by clipping a black bucket handle onto the
top rim of a red bucket. Make two buckets like this.
17.2. Attach the handle of a bucket to each of the clips on the front side of the bathroom wall. The two
buckets should hang down next to each other.
18.1. Now we’re going to make the mantle for the fireplace! Place a dark tan 1x4 arch, vertically long, on
the studs in front of and behind the fire. The arch should be right over the transparent orange slopes.
18.2. Place a light brown 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long, on the back two studs of the previous piece.
Place another, vertically long, in front of the first. Keep the studs pointing up and rotate the train station so
the bathroom is now at the front left. Now we’re looking at the inside of the bathroom, not the outside.
Open group 35.
19. Place a tan 2x2 angled corner brick to the right of the 1x4 plate to the right of the fireplace, with the
front stud even with the 1x4 plate. Place it so the studs are arranged like a Braille letter I, with the angled
corner at the back left. There should be two exposed studs between the right stud of this piece and the
back edge of the platform. Place another tan 2x2 angled corner brick to the right of the first, with the studs
arranged like a Braille letter E and the angled corner at the back right. Stack another tan 2x2 angled
corner brick on each of the previous two pieces., in the same orientation.
20.1. Place a tan 1x4 brick, horizontally long, to the right of the front stud on the right piece from the
previous step.
20.2. We’re going to build another fireplace now! Place a dark tan 2x2 corner brick in front of the right two
studs of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter D. Place another 2x2 corner brick in front of the
previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter J. There should be two exposed studs between the left two
arms of the corner pieces.
20.3. Place a transparent orange 1x1 slope tile on the back stud between the two arms of the corner
bricks, with the thick part at the right. Place another in front of the first, with the thick part at the back.
21.1. Place a tan 1x4 brick, vertically long, on the front four studs of the rightmost column of the platform.
21.2. Place a tan 2x4 brick, horizontally long, to the left of the back two studs of the previous piece. The
left end of the 2x4 brick should touch a corner brick. This little room at the right side of the building will be
the owl post!
22.1. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, vertically long, on the front two studs of the 1x4 brick at the front
right of the platform. The side with vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the right.
22.2. Place a dark tan 2x2 corner brick behind the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter D.
22.3. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, horizontally long, to the left of the back row of the previous piece.
The side with vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the back.
22.4. Place the front row of a dark tan 2x2 corner brick to the left of the previous piece, oriented like a
Braille letter H.
22.5. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, horizontally long, to the left of the back row of the previous piece.
The side with vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the back.
22.6. Place a dark tan 1x1 brick to the left of the previous piece. Its left edge should touch a 2x2 angled
corner brick.
23. There is a 1x4 horizontal ledge in front of the back wall of the owl post. Place a light brown 1x2
jumper plate, horizontally long, on the right two studs of the ledge, and another to the left of the first.
24.1. Place a dark tan 1x2 brick with a log pattern, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece. There
should be one exposed stud in front of this piece.
24.2. Place a dark tan 1x1 brick in front of the previous piece.
25.1. Place a dark tan 1x4 plate, vertically long, on the right wall of the owl post at the far right of the
building.
25.2. Place a dark tan 1x2 plate with a rail, horizontally long, to the left of the back stud of the previous
piece, with the rail on the back. Place another to the left of the first.
25.3. Place a dark tan 1x4 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, with the front edge even
with the front edge of the station.
25.4. Place a dark tan 1x2 plate with a rail, horizontally long, behind the previous piece, extending one
stud past it to the left. Place another to the left of the first.
26.1. Place a dark tan 1x4 arch, vertically long, in front of the right piece from the previous step, over the
top of the right-hand fireplace. The transparent orange slope tiles should be under the arch.
26.2. Place a light brown 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long, on the front two studs of the previous piece.
Place another vertically long, behind the first.
26.3. Place a black 1x3 telephone, vertically long, on the previous two pieces.
Open group 36.
27.1. Now we’ll make the ticket counter! The room between the bathroom and owl post is the main room
of the station, where students can buy tickets, write letters, or stay warm by the fire! Find the two stacks of
angled corner bricks. There is a 1x2 horizontal gap between these pieces. Place a light brown 2x4 plate,
vertically long, with its back row in this gap. There should be one row of exposed studs between the plate
and the front of the station.
27.2. Place a brown 2x4 brick, vertically long, on the previous piece.
27.3. Place a light brown 2x2 tile with a single stud on top on the front two rows of the previous piece.
Place another behind the first.
27.4. Place a tan 1x2 tile with a ticket pattern on the front stud of the right previous piece. Center it left
and right on the counter, angle it between the vertical and horizontal, so it looks like a ticket casually
placed on the counter.
27.5. Now we’ll make an inkwell with a quill pen! Place a black 1x1 circular plate with an upwards bar, on
the back stud on the counter. This is the inkwell. Place a white feather into the bar on top of the inkwell to
make the pen!
28.1. Now we’ll make the toilet. Remember that the bathroom is the room on the far left! There is a 2x4
set of studs on the floor. Place a white 2x2 dome bottom, centered vertically and horizontally on this set of
studs, with the wide part at the top. Place it between four studs, rather than on top of a stud! That’s
another way to attach round bricks!
28.2. Now we’ll add the water. Place a transparent blue 1x1 circular tile into the toilet bowl.
29.1. Now, find the low 1x4 wall behind the toilet bowl. Place a white 1x2 brick with two studs on one long
side, horizontally long, on the low wall, centered horizontally with the side studs at the front.
29.2. Place a white 1x2 ingot tile, horizontally long, on the top of the previous piece. This is the tank of the
toilet!
29.3. Place a white 2x2 circular tile on the side studs of the previous piece, so it extends up slightly
beyond the tank of the toilet. Now, let’s wash our hands and keep going!
Open bag 7.
Open minifigure group 7.
Assemble the Lee Jordan minifigure by attaching the hair to the head, the head to the stud on the torso,
and the torso onto the legs. Place a brown wand in his right hand. Lee wears the same uniform as Harry
and Ron, with the red and yellow Gryffindor crest on the right breast.
Open group 37.
30. Place a tan 1x2x3 tall brick with a mail sorter sticker on one side, vertically long, on the front two studs
on the right wall of the owl post, with the sticker at the left. Place a tan 1x2x3 tall brick without a sticker,
vertically long, on the wall behind the first.
31. Assemble a window by placing two white 1x2x3 window panes into a red 1x4x3 window frame. Place
the window horizontally long, to the left of the back stud of the previous piece, with the window panes at
the back.
32.1. Now we’re going to put an owl roost into the owl post. Place a light brown 1x1 circular brick on the
left stud on the low wall in front of the window.
32.2. Place a white owl on the previous piece, with the tail facing the front so the owl looks out the
window.
32.3. Place a white 1x2 tile with a letter pattern on the right stud in front of the owl post window.
33.1. Place a tan 1x4 brick, vertically long, to the left of the owl post window, with the front even with the
front of the station.
33.2. Place a tan 1x1x3 tall brick behind the previous piece.
33.3. Assemble a narrow window by placing a clear 1x1x3 window pane in a red 1x2x3 window frame,
and place it, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece, with the pane at the back.
33.4. Place a tan 1x1x3 tall brick to the left of the previous piece.
34.1. Place a tan 1x4 brick, horizontally long, on the previous three pieces. Place another 1x4 brick,
horizontally long, on the wall to the right of the previous piece.
34.2. Place a dark tan 1x2 inverted slope, vertically long, to the right of the previous piece, extending to
the back.
34.3. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, vertically long, in front of the previous piece. The side with vertical
and horizontal grooves should be at the right.
34.4. Place a dark tan 1x1 brick in front of the previous piece.
35. Place a tan 1x4x3 tall brick with stickers on both sides, vertically long, on the vertical 1x4 wall to the
right of the telephone. The circular sticker should be on the right side. The large sticker on the left has a
clock, and a shelf with a crumpled box on top. The small circular sticker is the green, Owl Post logo,
which has a brown owl on it. Rotate the station so the owl post is now at the left and the bathroom is at
the right.
Open group 38.
36. Place a tan 1x2x3 tall brick with a sticker, vertically long, on the back two studs of the right bathroom
wall, with the sticker at the left. The sticker shows a picture of a stick figure with a witch’s hat and a skirt,
indicating that this is the ladies room! Below this image, the word slytherin is graffitied on the wall in green
paint. Place a tan 1x2x3 tall brick without a sticker, vertically long in front of the first.
37. Assemble a window by placing two white 1x2x3 window panes into a red 1x4x3 window frame. Place
the window horizontally long, to the left of the front stud of the previous piece, with the window panes at
the front. No privacy in this bathroom!
38.1. Place a tan 1x4 brick, horizontally long, on the previous piece.
38.2. Place a dark tan 1x2 inverted slope, vertically long, to the right of the previous piece, extending to
the front.
38.3. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, vertically long, behind the previous piece. The side with vertical and
horizontal grooves should be at the right.
38.4. Place a dark tan 1x1 brick behind the previous piece.
39.1. Place a tan 1x4 brick, vertically long, to the left of the bathroom window, even with the back of the
station.
39.2. Place a tan 1x4x3 tall brick with a sticker, vertically long, on the previous piece, with the sticker at
the left. The sticker shows a map of Great Britain.
40.1. Now we’ll make a large clock on the platform. Place a tan 1x2x2 brick with four studs on one side,
horizontally long, in front of the previous piece, with the side studs at the front, extending one stud to the
left so it’s even with the left edge of the fireplace. Place another tan 1x2x2 brick with four side studs on
the first. There is a four stud gap to the left of the clock. This will be the main entry-way to the station.
40.2. Place a black 2x2 circular tile with a clock pattern on the top four side studs from the previous step.
40.3. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, horizontally long, on the top brick with side studs. The side with
vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the front.
41.1. Place a red 2x3 tile with a sticker, vertically long, on the side studs below the clock. The sticker is an
image of a train timetable!
41.2. Place a brown frog on the mantle of the right fireplace in the main room.
42.1. Find the low wall to the left of the main entry. There should be a row of two studs that extends
forward on the wall. Place a dark tan 1x2 plate with a rail on one long side, horizontally long, on the front
row of the low wall, with the rail at the front.
42.2. Assemble a narrow window by placing a clear 1x1x3 window pane in a red 1x2x3 window frame,
and place it, horizontally long, on the previous piece, with the pane at the front.
43.1. Place a 1x1x2 tall brick with two studs on one side to the left of the window, with the side studs at
the front. It will be offset one stud to the back. Place another 1x1x2 tall brick on the previous piece.
Repeat these two pieces to the right of the window. There should now be two upwards rows of 4 side
studs on either side of the window.
43.2. Place a tan 1x4 half cylinder tile, vertically long, on each set of side studs, with the curved portion at
the front.
44. Place a tan 2x2 angled corner panel on the right stud of the narrow window, with the studs oriented
like a Braille letter I, and the angle at the front right. It should extend behind the window to the right and
attach to the tall brick with side studs. Place another symmetrically on the left side of the narrow window.
45. Now let’s make the entry door! Place a dark red 1x4x6 door into a 1x4x6 door frame. Place the door
horizontally long, on the 1x4 plate in the entry-way, with the door at the front. Place a gold 1x1 circular
plate on the stud at the front of the door to make the handle!
Open group 39.
46.1. Place a dark red 1x3 plate, vertically long, on the back three studs of the left and right walls of the
bathroom.
46.2. Place a dark red 2x2 corner plate in front of each of the previous pieces, with the right one oriented
like a Braille letter D, and the left one oriented like a Braille letter F. There should be two studs between
these two pieces.
46.3. Place two dark red 1x1 tiles with a clip on top on the two studs between the previous pieces, with
the clips vertical.
47.1. Place a dark red 1x3 plate, horizontally long, on the wall to the left of the left corner plate from step
46.2.
47.2. Place a dark red 1x1 plate to the left of the previous piece.
47.3. Place a dark gray 3x6 plate with two angled corners, horizontally long, to the left of the previous
piece, with the wide part at the back. The back should be on the wall.
47.4. Place a black 1x1 plate with a horizontal clip to the left of the previous piece, with the clip at the
front.
47.5. Place a dark red 1x1 plate to the left of the previous piece.
48.1. Place a dark red 1x3 plate, vertically long, on the back three tiles of the left and right walls of the owl
post.
48.2. Place a dark red 2x2 corner plate in front of each of the previous pieces, with the right one oriented
like a Braille letter D, and the left one oriented like a Braille letter F. There should be two studs between
these two pieces.
48.3. Place two dark red 1x1 tiles with a clip on top on the two studs between the previous pieces, with
the clips vertical.
Open group 40.
49.1. Place a tan 1x4 brick, vertically long, on the left wall of the owl post, aligned with the front so there is
a single stud exposed behind it.
49.2. Place a dark tan 1x2 brick with a log pattern, vertically long, on the right wall of the owl post, with
one stud exposed behind it.
49.3. Place a dark tan 1x1 brick in front of the previous piece.
49.4. Place a dark tan 1x2 inverted slope, vertically long, in front of the previous piece, sloping towards
the front.
49.5. Repeat steps 49.1-49.4 symmetrically on the right side, above the bathroom.
49.6. Place a tan 1x12 brick, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the wall above the entry door.
It should touch the inner walls of both the bathroom and owl post.
50. Place a dark tan 1x1 slope tile on each of the back studs on each of the vertical walls, with the thick
part at the front. These include the left and right walls of the owl post, and the left and right walls of the
bathroom.
51.1. Find the 3x6 plate with two angled corners which is above the window to the left of the entry door.
Place a dark gray 2x2 corner slope on the left two columns of this piece, with the stud at the back right.
Place another to the right of the first, with the stud at the back left.
51.2. Now we’ll build a lantern. Place a transparent yellow 1x1 circular brick in front of you and attach a
black 1x1 circular tile with an upwards bar on top. Find the horizontal clip to the left of the previous
pieces. Attach the bar on top of the lantern to this clip so the circular brick is at the bottom.
52.1. Place a tan 1x6 arch, horizontally long, across the walls over the bathroom on the back studs. There
should be three exposed studs in front of this piece on the right wall. Repeat this arch across the walls
over the owl post room.
52.2. Place a tan 1x4 half cylinder tile, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the two arch pieces
from the previous step.
53.1. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, vertically long, in front of the right stud of the arch over the
bathroom. The side with vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the right.
53.2. Place a dark tan 1x2 brick with a log pattern, vertically long, in front of the left stud of the arch over
the bathroom.
53.3. Repeat steps 53.1-53.2 symmetrically over the owl post.
54.1. Place a dark tan 2x2 corner brick in front of the dark tan 1x2 brick with a log pattern in front of the
bathroom arch, oriented like a Braille letter D, extending one stud to the left.
54.2. Place a dark red 1x1 tile with a clip on top to the left of the back row of the previous piece, with the
clip vertical. Place another to the left of the first.
54.3. Place a dark gray 1x6 tile, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece.
54.4. Place a dark red 1x1 tile with a clip on top to the left of the previous piece, with the clip vertical.
Place another to the left of the first.
54.5. Place a dark tan 2x2 corner brick to the left of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter F,
extending one stud to the front.
55.1. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, vertically long, on the right stud of the bathroom arch, even with the
back wall. The side with vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the right.
55.2. Place a dark gray 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long, on the previous piece.
55.3. Place a tan 1x4 brick, vertically long, on the left stud of the bathroom arch, even with the back wall.
55.4. Repeat steps 55.1-55.3 symmetrically over the owl post room.
56.1. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, vertically long and centered vertically, on the 1x4 brick from above
the bathroom arch. The side with vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the right.
56.2. Place a dark tan 1x2 inverted slope, horizontally long, behind the previous piece, slope to the left.
56.3. Repeat steps 56.1-56.2 symmetrically over the owl post room.
57. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, vertically long, on each set of pieces from the previous steps, even
with the back wall of the station. The side with vertical and horizontal grooves should be away from the
main room on both pieces.
Open group 41.
58.1. Place a tan 1x12 brick, horizontally long and centered horizontally, across the back of the main
room. It should attach on the two 1x2 inverted slopes from step 56.2.
58.2. Place a dark gray 1x6 tile, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the previous piece.
58.3. Place a dark gray 1x2 jumper plate, horizontally long, on each side of the previous piece.
59. Place a dark gray 2x2 corner to the left of the left jumper plate from the previous step, oriented like a
Braille letter F. Place another symmetrically to the right of the right jumper plate from the previous step.
60.1. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, vertically long, on each of the corner plates from the previous step.
The side with vertical and horizontal grooves should be away from the main room on both pieces.
60.2. Place a dark gray 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long, on each of the previous two pieces.
60.3. Place a light brown 1x1 circular brick on the previous pieces.
Open bag 8.
Open minifigure group 8.
Assemble the Hagrid minifigure by attaching the hair with beard to the head, the head to the stud on the
tall torso, the arms to the sides of the torso, and the torso onto the legs. Place a dark red 2x2 tile in
Hagrid’s left hand. Assemble a lantern by putting a transparent yellow 1x1 circular brick into the black
lantern frame and placing it in Hagrid’s hand.
Open group 42.
61.1. Now we’ll assemble the roof! Place a dark gray 6x12 plate horizontally long in front of you, with the
studs facing down. Place a brown 2x3 plate with a bar on the bottom, vertically long, on the second and
third columns of anti-stud from the left, even with the front of the plate. Place another symmetrically on
the right side of the plate.
61.2. Keeping the previous two pieces at the front, flip the plate so the studs are up. Attach the two bars
under the plate to the four tiles with clips on the front wall of the station. The roof will need to slope up and
back to fit properly!
62.1. Make a small roof for the bathroom by placing a dark gray 4x4 plate in front of you with the studs
facing down. Place a brown 2x3 plate with a bar on the bottom, vertically long and centered horizontally,
on the previous piece, even with the front of the plate.
62.2. Keeping the previous piece at the front, flip the plate over. Attach it over the bathroom in the same
way we did with the main roof.
62.3. Repeat steps 62.1-62.2 for the owl post room!
63. Now we will place leaves on the roof! This does not have to be regular. There are six green 1x1
quarter circle tiles, and six dark green 1x1 quarter circle tiles, which represent leaves. The instructions
show two of these on the roofs of the bathroom and owl post. The rest are on the main roof. Place them
how you’d like to on the roof!
Open group 43.
64.1. Now we’re going to extend the platform past the station! Set the station aside for now. Place a light
gray 6x8 open rectangle plate in front of you, vertically long, with the clips at the back.
64.2. Place a dark gray 1x2 brick with a pin-hole on the side, vertically long, on the front two studs of the
right column. Place another vertically long on the back two studs of the right column.
64.3. Place a black 2L pin into each of the previous pieces, pushing them in from the right.
64.4. Place a dark gray 1x4 brick, vertically long, between the two bricks with holes in the side. Place a
1x4 brick, horizontally long and centered horizontally, in the front row of the 6x8 open rectangle, and
another in the back row.
64.5. Place four light gray 2x3 slopes, horizontally long, on the leftmost column of the 6x8 open rectangle,
even with the front and back, with the slopes at the left.
64.6. Place a 2x8 plate, vertically long, under the left two columns of the previous pieces, even with the
front, back, and left edges of the platform.
64.7. Place a light gray 6x8 plate, vertically long, on top of the platform extension, even with the front,
right, and back edges.
64.8. Place the station in front of you, horizontally long, with the owl post at the left. Attach the two pins on
the right of the platform extension to the two holes on the bottom of the left side of the station.
64.9. Repeat steps 64.1-64.7 to create another platform extension, and attach this to the right side of the
station.
Open group 44.
65.1. Now let’s spruce the place up a bit! Place a brown 1x4 picket fence, horizontally long, in the back
row, to the right of the station.
65.2. Place a green 1x1 plate with three leaves to the right of the previous piece, with the leaves at the
front right.
65.3. Place a light green 1x1 circular plate on the previous piece.
66.1. Now we’ll build a light post. Place a red 2x2 plate with a light pole on it on the front right corner of
the platform.
66.2. Place a red 2x2 circular tile with a single stud on top, on the previous piece.
66.3. Place a clear 1x1 brick on the previous piece.
66.4. Place a red 2x2 circular tile with a single stud on top, on the previous piece.
66.5. Place a red 1x1 pyramid tile on the previous piece. Align its sides with the sides of the 1x1 brick
under the circular tile under the pyramid tile.
67. Now we’ll build the Hogsmeade sign! Place a brown 2x6 brick horizontally long in front of you.
68.1. Place a tan 1x4 brick, horizontally long, on the back row of the previous piece, even with the right
side.
68.2. Place a tan 1x2 masonry brick, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece. The side with
vertical and horizontal grooves should be at the front.
69. Place a green 1x1 plate with three leaves on the front left corner of the 2x6 brick. Skip a stud to the
right and place another. Skip a stud to the right and place another.
70.1. Place an orange 1x1 circular plate with a flower pattern on the left set of leaves, and another on the
right set of leaves.
70.1. Place a light green 1x1 circular plate on the center set of leaves.
71.1. Place a red 1x1 cone on the leftmost stud on the back row. Place another on the rightmost stud on
the back row.
71.2. Place the bar of a red 1x1 circular plate with a bar, into each of the cones from the previous step,
with the studs at the front.
72. Place a red 1x6 tile with a sticker on one side, horizontally long, on the previous pieces. This is the
Hogsmeade sign! It says “HOGSMEADE” in red letters on a white background with a red border.
73. Attach the sign assembly, horizontally long, with the flowers at the front, on the back two rows on the
platform extension to the left of the station.
Open group 45.
74. Now we will make some tracks! LEGO train tracks are completely plastic. They have 2x8 plates
running perpendicular to the rails which represent railroad ties. A straight section has three full ties and
two half ties. The half ties are at each end of the track section, and are where the track sections are
attached together. The best way to attach them is to place two pieces of track next to each other on a flat
surface and align the half ties of the two pieces, then push them together. For the track in front of the
station, go ahead and place two straight pieces of track horizontally long in front of you. Push the two
tracks together until they snap.
75.1. Attach a dark gray 8x12 railroad ramp onto the left of the train tracks. Attach it, horizontally long, to
the left of the previous pieces, with the flat portion at the left.
75.2. Now we’ll decorate the rails a bit using two green 1x1 circular plates with a flower pattern, and two
dark tan 1x1 quarter circle tiles. Just like the leaves on the roof, this is up to your imagination, just keep
the back row of studs on the fourth and sixth ties from the left clear! The instructions have a flower plate
on the second and sixth ties from the left. They also have a quarter circle tile on the third and eighth tie
from the left. 
76. Attach the fourth and sixth ties from the left onto the two slopes which extend from the front of the
train platform. The rails should run parallel to the platform.
77. Attach two more dark gray straight track pieces to the right of the section attached to the station.
78. Attach a dark gray 8x12 railroad ramp onto the previous pieces, with the ramp at the right.
79. Finish up by decorating this section of track like we did with the first section! Once again we’ll use two
green 1x1 circular plates with a flower pattern, and two dark tan 1x1 quarter circle tiles. The instructions
show a flower plate on the fourth and sixth tie from the right, and a quarter circle tiles on the second and
eighth ties from the right.
Congratulations! Now Hogwarts Express and Hogsmeade Station are complete! The students can sit in
the train cars! Unfortunately, their legs don’t bend, so they stand in the seats. The trolley witch can stand
next to her cart. You can drive the train on the floor and drive it up the ramp to have it pull into the station!
If you have LEGO trains, this train will fit on the same tracks!
Thank you so much for building this set!
There are two pages of ads after the instructions end.
The ads show how you can connect multiple sets together to make one giant Hogwarts castle! The main
image stretches across both pages and it shows the castle against a backdrop of misty hills. The castle is
tan, with sand green roofs. It has multiple spires, columns, and stained glass windows. Students walk
around, while the giant snake Nagini attacks a student out front! Dumbledore stands in the tower.
Voldemort and Harry fire magical spells at each other in the foreground.
The sets which can be combined are 76402 Hogwarts Dumbledore’s Office, 76401 Hogwarts Courtyard
Sirius’s Rescue, 76413 Hogwarts Room of Requirement, 76398 Hogwarts Hospital Wing, 76386
Hogwarts Polyjuice Potion Mistake, 76415 The Battle of Hogwarts, 76389 Hogwarts Chamber of Secrets.
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!