8058 Atlantis: Guardian of the deep
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
§
Instructions:
1. Take a 6x1 concaved jaw piece with 2x2 rise and side holes, and put it vertically, 2x2 rise to the back.
2. Put a 2x2 on the on the fifth row from the front, in the middle.
3. Put a 1x1 button on the front row, on the second button from the left, and repeat symm on the right.
Put a f6x4 vertically on top starting from the front row.
4. Put a 6x1 lip ver on the left column lip to the back and one symm on the right.
5. Put a f4x2 hor in the middle on the third and fourth row. Put another f4x2 hor to the back.
6. Put a 2x1 ver on the first and second row from the front on the second column from the left. Repeat
symm on the right.
7. Put a 1x1 slide hor to the back, slide to the right, repeat symm on the left.
8. Put a 4x1 curved wing piece, behind the PP, repeat symm on tthe other side.
9. Put a 2x2 with a large tuube, ver, tube to the front. On the third and fourth rows from the front in the
middle.
10. Put a f2x1 frog piece on top nose to the back. Put a f2x1 with two clasps, on the second column from
the left, in the front, clasps to the left, repeat symm on the other side and lay aside.
11. 11.1-11.3: Make a part. Put a 12x2 hor on the table. Stack two f2x2 washer boards and put them on
the 2 rightmost columns overhanging to the right. Stack 2 f2x3s and put them hor to the left. 11.4 put two
4x1 pieces with side buttons hor to the left side buttons to the front and to the back. Put 2 small horns into
the rightmost front and back side buttons, horns to the right. Take four large claws, insert two into the two
side buttons to the left of the pp, claws to the right and insert two more into the back side buttons to the
left of the back 1x1 horn, claws facing right.
Turn this part vertically, washer board to the back, and install in the middle of your structure, starting from
the fifth row from the front.
12. Take a 4x2 long smooth piece, and put it in the middle, slide to the back.
13. Put a f3x6 ver on top on the fourth row from the front, on the rear most 2 horizontal buttons of the pp.
14. Put a large fin, ver in the middle, starting from the front, fin to the back. Skip two rows to the back
and put a small fin hor fin to the back. lay aside.
15.1 Put a f6x2 hor on the table.
15.2 Put a f3x2 on top starting from the right.
15.3 Put a f9-button right-wing piece hor to the left, on the back row, wing to the back.
15.4 Repeat symm to the front.
15.5 put a 4x1 with side holes hor skipping the rightmost column on the front row. Repeat symm to the
back. Lay momentarily aside.
Make a part.
15.6 Put a 4x2 with a horizontal satellite dish, to the right. Put a joint into the underside of the dish, so that 
it clicks when turned front-and-left or back-and-right. Install it as is on the rightmost column of your part.
15.7 put a f2x2 on top skipping the rightmost column. Lay momentarily aside.
15.8.1 Puta flat l-shaped piece with x-shaped holes, angle to the left and to the front, like a braille letter h.
Insert the x-shaped connector, x-ends first into dots 1, and 4, make sure that the connectors go all the
way in.
Put a oblong x-holed 2x1 hor onto dot 1, and to the right. Install it as is, but upright, into the two rightmost
side holes. Lay aside.
15.9 Make a symmetrical part for the back. With the x-connectors on dots 1 and 4, with the oblong piece
on dot 4 hor to the left.
15.10 Make a part. Put two sticks into the x-shaped holes of two beak pieces. Insert one pointing left, in
the front, hor into the right cross-hole of the oblong piece and repeat symm on the back.
5.11 put a large 4x2 hood piece on top of your part to cover it.
15.12 Turn your part upside-down and put a ribbed stick into your top x-holes so that it protrudes the
same to the front and back. Take a 2x1 rubber connector and put its bottom hole ver on the ribbed stick.
put a 1x1 with a ver clasp to the front at the front left end of the 8x2. Put another such part to the right and
put two symm at the back.
Put a 3x2 slide, slide to the left, to the left of the clasps.
Put a fs2x2 disk to the right of the slide, on top of the clasps. Put a large claw to the right, in the left most
clasp, put a small horn the same way to the right, and repeat symm at the back. Lay aside.
15.15.1 Insert a short stick into the nut so that the nut is all the way on the right.
15.15.2 Put this stick into the left cross-hole of a 3x1 oblong piece.
15.15.3 Put a 2x1 with a side cross-hole from the front into the stick.
15.15.4. Insert a long stick halfway ver into the right cross hole.
15.15.5 Put a fat nut onto the long stick all from the back, all way forward. Put a small nut onto the stick
from the front as far as it will go. Then put a fat nut onto the stick from the front.
15.15.6 Take a 4x2 curved piece with a 2x2 rise and insert as is from the right.
15.15.7 Put a frog piece inside the p, to the left, nose to the left.
15.15.8 Put a f1x1 with a vertical clasp, vertically on top of the front button of the pp, clasp to the front.
Repeat symm on the back.
15.15.9. Put a f3x2 on top of the pp and to the right. Turn your part upside-down, and puta 2x2 with a
raised horizontal stick on the right, stick to the right. Flip your structure right-side-up and insert a small
horn point to the right on the front row, on the second column from the right, repeat symm at the back. Put
the two large claws into the clasp’s claws to the right. Insert two more small horns the same way into the
leftmost column.
15.15.13. Flip your part upside-down and connect it as-is, inserting the back end of the stick, into the top
hole of the rubber connector from the front, Put another rubber connector onto the two sticks from the
front. Connect the tail to the body. Turn the head so the buttons face upward. Lay aside.
Make a part.
Put a 2x1 with a handle hor on the table handle to the front.
16.2 Put a f2x2 movable hinge on top so the hinge is on the right in the back. Put a flat left-wing part,
narrowest part to the back, on the back row of your hinge, overhanging to the left. Flip your part over and
put a f2x2 with a tube behind your f2x1 with a handle tube to the back. Put a fs2x2 disk on top and to the
front. Flip your part over, right-side-up and connect it to the back of your main structure via the clasps.
17. Make the front fin. symmetrically.
18. Make a part.
18.1 Insert two ribbed connectors ribbed ends first into two ends of the elbow piece. Insert a pointed fin
part from the right, fin down and to the right. Insert the half-connectors from the right. into the fin piece
and insert a claw into it form the right. Repeat to make another such part. Insert one of your parts into the
tube on the front fin, and another into the tube on the rear fin.
19. Take a crank and hold it so that the normal connector part of it is down and to the left. Put it normalconnector first into the washboard at the rightmost end of your structure.
20.1 Put a flat 12x1 hor on the table.
20.2 Put a 1x1 with a side hole on the third button from the left, hole to the left-and-right. Put another 1x1
with side holes to the right of the pp. Insert a long connector from the left into the side-holes, long end
first. Put a flat 12x1 to the right.
20.3 Put a f4x1 on top starting from the left. Insert a short stick into the long connector from the left. Insert 
a elbow piece into the stick so it bends down and to the left.
20.4 Put a 2-button long curved piece to the right of the part's first two buttons.
20.5 Put a fs 6x1 on top of and to the left of the buttons Put a short stick into the elbow unoccupied end of
the elbow. Attach this part to the crank at the right of the shark, in the middle x-hole of the crank piece.
21.1 Make a part. Take a tube with a fin and put it so that your fin is to the right, pointing down. Put an xshaped connector in the top hole, x to the top. Put a normal connector into the bottom. Put another fin into
the normal connector the same way. Put a button-connector into the bottom of this fin. Put a horn into the
button connector. Connect this part the way it is into the right x-hole of the crank.
Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.
 