60394 ATV and Otter Habitat
Instructions adapted by Alastair Guild
Introduce budding explorers to the wonders of nature with the LEGO® City ATV and Otter Habitat
(60394) set. This inspiring playset comes with a toy all-terrain vehicle (ATV) and waterside setting, plus a
park ranger minifigure, 2 otter figures and frog and fish figures. It’s perfect for kids aged 5 and up. LEGO
City toy playsets put kids at the heart of the action with cool vehicles, feature-rich structures and inspiring
characters for action-packed role play that depicts real life in a fun and imaginative way. Combine this set
with others from the LEGO City range for more exciting adventures.
What’s in the box?
- All kids need to build a toy ATV and otter habitat, plus a park ranger minifigure and two otters, one frog
and one fish
- Kids can pop the park ranger minifigure behind the wheel of the toy ATV and set out on animal
exploration adventures
- A fun gift idea for kids and animal lovers aged 5+ – Celebrate a birthday or any other day with this
LEGO® City toy building set
- Dimensions – The toy habitat water slide measures over 2.5 in. (6 cm) high, 4 in. (10 cm) long and 2.5
in. (6 cm) wide
- Minifigure accessories include a camera, walkie-talkie, and helmet
- The front of the box shows a female park ranger riding the ATV along a shoreline, with the otter habitat
on the opposite shore. The habitat features tree beside a waterfall which joins a rocky section to a pool.
One otter is riding down the waterfall, while the other is watching a silver fish.
- There are a total of 90 pieces in this build, and 47 steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to back.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/60394). As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers, or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
Bags 1 & 2 (not numbered) and two large pieces (one 6x6 plate in bright green, and one 6x6 plate with
bow in bright azure) – 10 groups of bricks
Minifigure Parts – legs, torso, head, hair, helmet, goggles
First assembly (ATV) – Steps 1-4, 5-8, 9-13, 14-19, 20
Second assembly (otter habitat) – Steps 1-6, 7-13, 14-21, 22-26
Construct the park ranger minifigure using the legs, torso, and head. There are two options for
headpieces: long brown hair, and a bright green helmet with white goggles. The helmet is assembled by
clipping the white goggles to the front of the bright green helmet. The notch in the bottom of the goggles
should fit the triangular peak in the helmet’s chinstrap. The park ranger has dark green legs and a torso
showing a sand-green button-down shirt. She proudly wears a golden badge over her heart which marks
her as a park ranger. The ranger has light freckles and two expressions: a determined smile, and a squint
as though she were looking one-eyed through a camera’s viewfinder.
Let’s begin by building the ranger’s ATV:
1. Start by locating one black 2x2 bearing element. It has four studs arranged in a square on top with two
bars sticking out of the side of the piece. Orient the element so that the bars are aligned vertically.
2. Take the dark grey 2x6 plate and orient it horizontally. Connect the bearing directly under the right end
of the 2x6 plate.
3. Find the translucent red 1x2 plate, which will act as the rear lights of the ATV. Place it vertically at the
rightmost end of the dark grey 2x6 plate.
4. Locate a light grey 1x2 plate with two vertical clips and another black 2x2 bearing. Put the 2x2 with
bearing vertically on the table. Connect the 1x2 plate with vertical clips vertically to the left column of the
bearing with the clips to the left.
5. Connect the green 2x6 plate horizontally to the left of red 1x2 plate at the right end of the structure.
6. Locate the dark grey 1x2 plate with 1x2 side studs and connect it to the left end of the assembly so that
the side studs face to the left. Put a tan 2x2 plate to the right of the previous piece. Place another tan 2x2
plate at the right end of the assembly.
7. We will now create a place to store some minifigure accessories! Locate a white 1x1 plate with
horizontal clip and a dark grey 1x1 plate with vertical clip. At the right-hand end of the structure, connect
the white 1x1 plate with vertical clip on the back stud and the grey 1x1 plate with horizontal clip on the
front stud. The clips should face to the right.
8. Take the black mini handle and align it vertically with the bars protruding to the right. Connect it to the
right-hand side of the build so that the bars sit on either side of the 1x1 plates with clips.
9. Collect a dark tan 2x2 plate and a light grey 1x2 sloped tile. Place the 2x2 plate on the left end of the
ATV. Immediately to the right of the newly placed plate, connect the light grey slope with the sloped side
facing to the right. This piece is decorated with dials and resembles a vehicle’s dashboard.
10. Find a reddish brown 1x2 brick with outside half bow and orient it with the curved side facing left.
Connect the brick to the ATV directly to the handle piece’s left. You should have a 1x2 stud space to the
left of the curved brick in which for the minifigure to stand.
11. Locate two green mudguards. Orient both mudguard elements so that the overhangs face left.
Connect one mudguard to the 2x2 studded area at the left end of the ATV – this region sits immediately to
the left of the light grey slope that serves as a dashboard. Connect the other to the right end of the vehicle
– this area sits directly to the right of the smooth curved brick and is terminated by the horizontal and
vertical clips.
12. Take the dark grey 1x2 tile with one stud and orient it vertically. Connect the plate to the right end of
the left mudguard, to the immediate left of the 1x2 slope. Locate a translucent red 1x2 plate and orient it
vertically. Connect the plate to the mudguard at the right end of the build such that the right edge lies flush
with the back end of the vehicle.
13. Find two tan 1x2 sloped tiles and orient them with their sloped sides facing left. Connect one vertically
to the left mudguard element, immediately to the left of the 1x2 plate with center stud. The other should
be connected vertically to the right mudguard element, immediately to the left of the transparent red 1x2
plate.
14. Collect a tan 1x2 plate and a 1x1 modified tile with a clip. Orient the 1x2 plate vertically and place it on
top of the transparent red 1x2 plate at the right end of the build, to the immediate right of the tan slope
from the last step. Connect the 1x1 plate with upright holder to the dark grey 1x2 plate with center stud at
the left end of the ATV, immediately to the right of the tan slope placed there. The clip should be aligned
so that the prongs of the clip form a horizontal line.
15. Locate the black handle with stick element, which is used here as a handlebar. Attach the handle to
the model by clipping the central unit to the 1x1 plate with upright holder at the left end of the vehicle. You
should hear a ‘click’ when the connection is made.
16. Connect the metallic silver radiator grille horizontally to the two vertical studs on the left end of the
ATV to form the vehicle’s air intake.
17. Locate the black front fender. Connect the fender to the left end of the ATV by clipping the bottom bar
into the vertical clips at left. The fender can then be swung upwards to lie flat against the grille piece from
the last step.
18. Rotate the build 90 degrees clockwise so the horizontal and vertical clips at the back of the ATV face
you. Locate the walkie-talkie minifigure accessory and attach it to the ATV by connecting the handle to the
white horizontal clip on the right. The antenna should point upwards.
19. Next, let’s make the camera: Collect a clear 1x1 round tile and the camera piece. Find the stud on the
front of the camera and connect the 1x1 round tile to the stud to give the camera a lens. Connect the
completed camera to the dark grey vertical clip on the left, next to the walkie talkie. You will have to
reorient the camera so that the handle aligns with the clip. Once connected, push the camera down so
that it lies against the back of the ATV.
20. Locate 4 white wheel rims and 4 black tires. Push one rim into each tire to create 4 wheels. Connect
the wheels to the vehicle by carefully aligning the small hole in the back of each wheel rim with an axle
and pushing gently but firmly. You should feel the wheels slot in to place with a ‘click’.
Congratulations, you have finished building the ATV! In the instruction book, there is an illustration of the
helmeted park ranger riding the ATV by standing in the centre and holding the handlebars.
Now we can build a habitat for the otters! The habitat features a grassy region and a pool of water, with a
rocky area shaded by a tree. From the top of the rocks, a stream or waterfall flows down into the water.
1. We begin with the grassy area. Find the green 6x6 plate.
2. Put a bright green plant grass stem on the 6x6 plate's back left stud, curled top to the left.
3. Collect a dark grey 2x2 sloped brick and connect it to the 6x6 plate so that the piece lies against the
directly to the right of the plant stem with the slope facing left.
(Note: steps 3 and 4 have been reversed from the visual instructions because it makes the model easier
to assemble on a flat surface.)
4. Place the blue 6x6 plate with bow to the right of the green 6x6 plate and hold in place. The curve of the
blue plate should be to the front right. Take a black 2x4 brick and place it horizontally to the right of the
sloped brick. The brick should connect to both plates, securing them in place.
5. Locate a brown 1x4 plate and a light grey 1x1 round plate. Orient the brown 1x4 plate horizontally and
connect it to the back row of studs to the right of the black 2x4 brick. To the right of the newly placed 1x4
plate, add the 1x1 round plate. The round plate should occupy the back right corner of the assembly.
6. Find the tan 1x2 plate and place it horizontal in front of the 2x4 brick so that the right edge of the plate
lies along the right edge of the brick. Then take the dark green 2x2 tile directly in front of the plate you just
placed. Both pieces should help to strengthen the connection across the 6x6 plates.
7. Locate a light grey 1x2 brick and orient it vertically. Place it so that it lies to the left of the plate and tile
from the previous step, and in front of the 2x4 brick.
8. Next, locate another dark grey 2x2 sloped brick and place it horizontally to the left of the grey 1x2 brick
with the slope facing you. Place a light grey 1x1 round plate directly on the green 6x6 plate one stud
forward and to the left of the front left corner of the previous piece.
9. Collect a light blue 2x4 tile and a light blue 2x2 curved sloped tile. Align the 2x4 tile horizontally and
place it on the blue 6x6 plate so that it lies in front of the brown 1x4 plate. Orient the 2x2 curved sloped
tile so that the slope curves down to the right and connect it to the right of the 2x4 tile. The right end of
this piece should hang over the edge of the plate, and that is OK! Together, the pieces form a smooth
surface that mimics running water.
10. Locate a reddish brown 2x1x2 sloped brick. Orient the piece horizontally so the slope faces to the
right and connect it at the back of the model to the right of the 2x4 brick, leaving three studs between this
piece and the back right corner of the model. To the immediate right of the sloped brick, place a bright
green plant grass stem with the top curling to the right.
11. Take another reddish brown 2x1x2 sloped brick and orient it horizontally with the sloped edge facing
to the left. Place the brick to the left of the first sloped brick so that their flat sides touch. The newly placed
brick should sit higher than the other sloped brick. Together, the slopes form the trunk of a tree. Collect a
light grey 1x2 brick and place it horizontally to the left of the previous piece.
12. Place a dark grey 2x2 sloped brick in front of the 1x2 brick with the slope facing left. There should be
a vertical 1x3 area of free studs to the piece’s left. We have now completed the rocky section of the
habitat!
13. Create a part: locate a reddish brown 1x2 plate with 2x2 vertical studs on the side and a tan 1x2 plate.
Place the 1x2 plate on top of the two studs of the reddish-brown plate so there is no overhang. Orient the
part from the previous step so that the 2x2 vertical studs on the side face you. Locate the dark green tile
in the front middle of the build and follow it back until you feel two studs. Connect the part to the model
here so the left edge lies against the edge of the habitat’s rocky section.
14. Collect a reddish-brown 1x2 rocker bearing, which will be used in the creation of a waterfall linking the
stony area and the pool. Orient the piece vertically so that the flat edge faces to the left and place behind
the 2x2 vertical studs and to the immediate right of a dark grey sloped brick.
15. Locate two blue 1x2 plates and orient them vertically. Place one on the two studs immediately to the
right of the rocker bearing placed in the previous step, and the second to the immediate left of the rocker
bearing and one stud back. The back edge of the plate should align with the back of the build. These
pieces begin to suggest that the pool is fed by a stream from beyond the rocks.
16. Make a part: locate the round 2x2 tile with wood detailing and a dark brown round 2x2 brick with fluted
profile. Connect the tile to the brick. This part looks like a log! Orient the part with the flat tiled end facing
you and connect it to the 2x2 vertical studs in front of the rocker bearing.
17. Locate two lime green 1x1 plant plates and orient them so that the point of the middle leaf faces you.
Connect one to the left stud in front of the log assembly, and the other two studs to the left and one back.
18. Place the dark green frog piece on top of the first plant piece and a lavender 1x1 flower plate on top of
the second plant piece.
19. Take a light grey 1x2 brick and orient it vertically. Connect the brick to the model immediately to the
right of the log assembly. Next to the 1x2 brick, place a dark grey 2x2 sloped brick with the slope facing
right.
20. Make a part: take the blue 2x6 tile and orient it horizontally. Connect it to the black 2x2 rocking plate
with no overhang so that the rounded part of its underside aligns with the left edge of the tile. This part will
act as a stream or waterfall from the rocks down to the water. Connect the part to the terrain via the
rocker bearing behind the log assembly. Align the part carefully and push down on the left end until you
hear a ‘click’. Then, push gently on the right end of the tile to hinge the part down until it touches the tiles
beneath. There is now a smooth slope leading from the top of the rocky area down to the pool down
which the otters can slide!
21. Locate a dark grey 2x2 sloped brick and place it horizontally on top of the 2x2 studded region to the
right of the log with the slope facing you. We have now finished the rocky section of the terrain and can
complete the tree.
22. Take the two reddish brown 1x3x3 bricks with bows. Locate the 2x1x2 reddish brown sloped bricks at
the back of the build to the left of the rightmost green plant stem piece at the back of the build and
connect a brick with bows to each. The left brick with bows should overhang to the left, and the right brick
with bows should overhang to the right. These pieces make up the branches of our tree.
23. Find the dark brown slope with stud cut-out. Orient the piece so the slope faces to the right and
connect between the bricks with bows.
24. Finally, we can give our tree some foliage! Locate two dark green small limb elements, which
resemble leafy branches. Place one piece on the right stud of the right brick with bow and the other on
the left stud of the same brick. Then, connect a bright green 1x2 tile with 1 knob across the studs of the
limb elements to strengthen the connection.
25. Repeat the last step for the left arch: take two dark green small limb elements and place one on each
stud of the left reddish brown brick with bows to form the rest of the canopy. Then, find a bright green 1x2
plate with 1 knob and connect it to the limb elements where they connect to the brown arch.
26. Collect the silver fish and brown otter figures and place them wherever you like in the habitat.
Congratulations, you have completed the otter habitat!
The instructions show that two reddish brown otters have made their home here, alongside a silver fish.
The otters can be released from the top of the smooth blue ramp to slide down into the pool at its base.
There is an illustration of the park ranger taking photos of the habitat, having dismounted her ATV. One
otter stands at the top of the rocky area, while the other seems very interested in the fish!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!
At the end of the instruction booklet are advertisements for 5 more LEGO City sets:
60383 – Electric Sports Car
60384 – Penguin Slushy Van
60385 – Construction Digger
60387 – 4x4 Off-Roader Adventures
60389 – Custom Car Garage 