43203 - Aurora, Merida and Tiana’s Enchanted Creations
This fun set gets kids playing quickly with Disney’s Aurora and Tiana, plus Disney and Pixar’s Merida,
mini-doll figures, and will be a build that everyone will admire during and after playtime.
• Endless princess play – Give any child a gift to wow the playground with this LEGO® ǀ Disney
Aurora, Merida and Tiana’s Enchanted Creations 43203 set. The fun starts with building and
doesn’t stop
• What’s in this set? – This 558-piece set includes buildable items with functions for each
princess, a transforming ‘diamond’ dress designed to store a mini-doll figure inside and lots of
story starters
• Well-known characters – Featuring Disney’s Aurora and Tiana, plus Disney and Pixar’s Merida,
this set can be combined with other Disney sets (sold separately) or used for open-ended play
on its own
• Extended experience – With Merida’s castle measuring over 3.5 in. (9 cm) high, 5.5 in. (14 cm)
wide and 3.5 in. (9 cm) deep, this set is easy for kids to take out for playdates, over and over
On the front of the box each there are pictures of each of the three princesses and their enchanted
creations! The back of the box includes additional pictures of the builds and princesses.
This set comes with six bags, and features three princesses, and three builds, each with two bags.
We'll start with Bags 1 and 2, which feature Princess Merida from Brave. This will build her castle which
you can also use as a pencil holder. The next build is with Princess Tiana and her jewelry box with bags
3 and 4. Finally with bags 5 and 6 we will build Princess Aurora’s treasure chest.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
Let’s get started!!!
Bag 1.
First, we will build Princess Merida. Find a blue octagonal dress piece, and put the blue torso on top,
and then put the head, and hair on top. She wears a belt with a buckle on it, and the hem of her dress is
gold. Now we will build her umbrella. Find a blue octagonal dress bottom piece and a gold 4-stud-long
wand piece. The dress bottom has a stud in the center Turn the wand piece upside down and put the
stud on the inside on top of the wand piece. The umbrella is done. Now you can find an archery bow
and put it in your princess's hand. We will first make the target for our princess to practice with.
Step 1: Find a green 4x4 round plate and put it on the table.
Step 2: Find two light brown 2x1 plates with horizontal top clasp, these pieces are flat, and have a
horizontal clasp on top. Put them vertically next to each other in the center of your round 4x4 plate,
clasps to the front.
Step 3: Take a light green 2x2 curved stepped tile, (this piece has no studs on it, and is curved, and
stepped, so the bottom part is lower than the tip. Put this part horizontally on the back buttons of the
previous two pieces, so that curve goes to the back.
Step 4: Find one yellow 1x1 flower, and put it in front of the left clasp, on the front left button of the 4x4
plate.
Step 5: Find a brown 2x2 wedge plate, a gold 1x2 plate with handle on long side, and a white stepped
2x2 plate with smooth curved bottom, (this piece has two stepped columns of studs, one higher than the
other, and its bottom is smooth.) and a white round 4x4 tile. Now we will make a separate part. Take
the 2x2 curved tile, and put it horizontally on the table, the lower studs to the front. Put the plate with
handle on long side horizontally on the front row of the previous piece, handle to the front. Take the
brown wedge plate and put it vertically on top onto the curved tile and clasp, legs of the a to the front.
Put a sticker number 8 onto the 4x4 smooth plate. The sticker has a picture of an archery target on it.
Put the 4x4 smooth plate on top. Take this piece vertically and clip it into the clasps at the bottom of
your previous part. The archery target is finished. Great work! Now the princess can practice her
archery.
Now we will build a small castle that's also a container.
Step 1: Find 1 light tan 6x6 plate, and 1 light tan 6x1 brick. Put the light tan 6x6 plate on the table and
put the light tan 1x6 plate vertically on its left edge.
Step 2: Find 1 light tan 1x4 brick, and 1 light tan 1x6 brick. Put the light tan 4x1 brick horizontally to the
right of the previous piece's back button on the back edge of the 6x6 plate. Put the light tan 6x1 brick
vertically to the right of the previous piece, on the right edge of the 6x6 plate.
Step 3: Find 2 blue 2x3 tiles. Put one horizontally in front of the light tan 4x1 brick. Put the other one to
the front of the previous piece.
Step 4: Find two gold 1x1 cylinders. Put one in front of the previous piece's left column. Repeat
symmetrically at the right.
Step 5: Find a light tan 6x1 brick and two gold 1x1 cylinders. Put the light tan 6x1 horizontally on the
back row of your structure. Put one of the gold 1x1 cylinders in front of the previous piece's rightmost
button. Repeat symmetrically on the left.
Step 6: You will need light tan 1x4 bricks. Put on vertically in front of the previous piece and repeat
symmetrically on the right.
Step 7: Find a light tan 1x6 brick and a light tan 1x4 brick. Put the tan 6x1 horizontally on the back ow of
your structure. Put one light tan 4x1 vertically in front of the previous piece's leftmost button. Repeat
symmetrically on the right.
Step 8: Find two dark turquoise 4x1 plates and a dark blue 6x1 plate. Put the 6x1 dark blue plate
horizontally on the back row of the structure. Put the dark turquoise 4x1 plate vertically in front of the
previous piece's leftmost button. Repeat symmetrically on the right.
Step 9: Find a brown 2x2 arched window frame with one stud on top, and a gold windowpane. Put the
pane into the window, there are two knobs on the window pain, and they should click into place when
you put it into the frame. The window can now open. Put the window horizontally on the front row, in the
middle, glass to the front. 
Step 10: Find a light tan tall 2x1 arch brick. Put it horizontally on top of the window, its ends should fit
onto the 1x1 cylinders. Step 11: Find one gold 1x2 plate with handle on long side, and two dark
turquoise 2x1-2x1 top angle plates. These plates have two buttons at the front of them. Put the gold 2x1
with handle on long side horizontally in the middle of the previous piece. Put 1 dark turquoise top angle
plate 2x1-2x1 to the left of the previous piece, side plates to the front. Repeat symmetrically to the right.
Step 12: Find two very dark blue 4x1 tiles and 2 very dark blue 6x1 tiles. Put a very dark blue 4x1 tile
horizontally on the back wall in the middle. Put a dark blue 6x1 tile vertically to the right of the previous
piece and to the front. Put a light blue 4x1 tile horizontally to the front of the previous piece and to the
left. Put a very dark blue 6x1 tile vertically to the left of the previous piece and to the back.
Step 13: Find two transparent blue pentagonal tiles. Apply a sticker number 3 to each of these tiles. It
shows a crest with a sword on a swirling background. Put one of these pieces point down, upright onto
the front buttons to the left of the handle that's in the middle of your front wall. Repeat symmetrically on
the right. Your first bag is done! Congrats! Now the princess can practice her archery in her chamber.
Bag 2: Now we will build the larger castle that you can use to hold pencils.
Step 14: Find a green 16x8 rectangular plate and put it horizontally on the table. Step 15: Find a light
reddish-brown 1x8 plate, and a light gray 1x1 round tile. Put the round tile on the back rightmost button,
and the 1x8 plate horizontally to the left. Step 16: Find a yellow 1x1 flower, and a dark blue 1xx6 plate.
Put the 1x6 plate vertically in front of the previous piece's rightmost button. Put the 1x1 flower to the
right, of the previous piece's backmost button. Step 17: Find a dark blue 1x6 plate. Put it in front of the
leftmost button of the horizontal 8x1 plate that's on your back row.
Step 18: Find a light blue 2x1 tile, and two dark blue 3x1 corner tiles. Put one to the right of the previous
piece's two front buttons, like the braille letter H. Put the 2x1 tile horizontally to the right of the previous
piece's dot 5. Put the other corner tile to the right of the previous piece, like the braille letter J.
Step 19: Find a dark blue 3x3 square plate and a dark blue 3x3 triangle plate with two cut-off corners.
Go to your left vertical 6x1 plate and put the 3x3 square to the left of three frontmost buttons. Put the
3x3 triangle plate to the left, so that one cut-of corner points to the front left, and the other cut-of-corner
points to the back right. It non-cur-off corner should be to the front right.
Step 20: Find tow dark blue 3x3 triangle plates. Put one symmetrically to the front of the previous piece,
cut-off corner to the back left, and the other cut-off corner to the front right, its two front tows
overhanging to the front. Put the other such piece symmetrically to the right. Together they should form
a triangle with a cut-off point, cut-off point to the front.
Step 21: Find a dark blue semicircular 9x1x4 plate. Its longest side is 8 studs long. Put it so that the
circle is to the front and attach it underneath the overhanging parts of the previous pieces.
Step 22: Find two quarter-circle 2x1 tiles. Put one on the second button from the back of the leftmost
column, curve going to the back and to the right. Repeat symmetrically on the right. If done correctly
these parts should form a semi-circle. Half of the back left stud and half of the fourth stud from the back
left corner are not covered. This is OK.
Step 23: Find two yellow 1x2 quarter-circle tiles and one green 2x2 round tile with center stud. Put the
other two tiles symmetrically in front of the previous pieces to form a complete circle. There should be a
2x2 round space in the middle. Put the green 2x2 round tile with one stud in the middle circular space.
Step 24:
24. Locate two green 1x1 plant leaf pieces and place an orange 1x1 round flower plate piece onto each
of them. Place the first one of these in the bottom right corner of the assembly, with the leaf pointing to
the right and to the front and place the second one to the front of the left column of the round assembly,
with the leaves pointing to the left, and hanging off of the base plate. 
25. Locate a tan 2x1x2 brick and place it horizontally onto the middle of the horizontal brown 1x8 plate in
the back of the structure. Locate two blue 1x2 tiles and place them horizontally onto the same 1x8, one
directly to the left of the previous piece and one directly to the right.
26. Locate two 1x1x3 tan bricks and place them onto the same 1x8 as before, one on the left end of the
1x8, and the other on the right end of the 1x8. Then place a tan 1x2x2 brick horizontally onto the other
tan 1x2x2 brick.
27. Locate two tan 1x4x3 panel pieces and place them vertically each in front of one of the two 1x1x3
pieces, with the smooth sides of the panels facing outwards. Then locate two tan 1x2 sloped bricks and
place them vertically each in front of one of the two previous pieces, sloping down forward.
28. Locate two golden round 1x1 bricks and place them each onto one of the two previous pieces.
29. Locate two tan 1x1 bricks with a horizontal clip and place them each onto one of the two previous
pieces with the clip pointing forward.
30. Locate two tan 1x6 bricks and place them vertically, each onto one of the two "walls" covering the
1x1x3, 1x4x3 and 1x1 bricks.
31. Place a tan 6x8 plate horizontally over the previous two pieces and the 2x2x1 brick from step 26.
32. Locate four tan 1x6 bricks and place them along the edges of the previously placed 6x8, making a
6x8 rectangle.
33. Locate two brown 1x1 telescope bricks and insert an orange flame piece into the bottoms of both
telescope bricks. The bottom is the wide end of the brick. Flip them over so that the flames are pointing
up, making two torches. Connect the torches to the structure by clipping them to the 1x1 bricks with clips
at the front of the structure.
34. Locate the blue 3x3 plate placed onto the structure a bit back and to the left of the left torch. Place a
tan 2x1x5 brick horizontally onto the 3x3's back right two studs, touching the rest of the structure on its
right. Then place a tan 1x1x3 brick directly to the left of the previous piece.
35. Place a tan 1x1 brick with a clip directly onto the previous piece, with the clip pointing back. Locate a
brown 1x2x5 brick and place it vertically onto the front right two studs of the same 3x3, directly in front of
the right column of the previous 1x2x5.
36. Locate a golden 1x1 round brick and place it onto the previous 1x1 brick with a clip. Locate a golden
2x2 corner plate piece and place it onto the two 1x2x5 bricks, corner to the back and to the right, braille
letter D.
37. Locate a blue 2x4 tile and place it vertically its back right corner in front of the 1x1x3, covering the
corners of the three 3x3 triangular plates and the 3x3 plate. Then locate two blue 1x2 tiles and place
them both vertically, one directly to the right of the 2x4 in the middle and one directly to the left of the
2x4 in the middle. Locate two gray 1x1 round tiles and place them on any empty stud of the green
semicircle base plate at the front of the assembly. It doesn't matter where you put them, as long as they
are on the baseplate.
38. Place three tan 3x3x5 diagonal wall pieces along the edges of the blue 3x3 plates, fully surrounding
the tower.
39. Locate three golden 2x1 plates and one brown 2x1 plate with a vertical clip between the studs on the
front. Place one of the golden plates vertically, directly in front of the 2x2 corner plate, connecting the
2x2x5 brick with one of the diagonal bricks. Then place another golden plate horizontally directly to the 
left of the 2x2 corner plate. Then place the last golden plate vertically five studs to the left of the first
golden plate, connecting the two leftmost diagonal bricks together. Place the last 2x1, the one with the
clip, horizontally, five studs to the front of the second plate, connecting the two frontmost diagonal bricks
together, with the clip pointing forward.
40. Locate one turquoise 2x2 brick and place it so that its left column is placed on the 2x2 corner pieces'
right column, and the 2x2's right column is placed on the front two studs of the vertical 1x6 which is part
of the main structure. Then locate five turquoise 2x1 bricks and place them all horizontally on the rest of
the 1x6's. Place the first one directly two studs to the right of the 2x2's front row. Place the second one
directly one stud to the right of the first. Place the third one horizontally four studs back of the second.
Place the fourth one directly one stud to the left of the third. Place the last one stud to the left of the
fourth, creating a castle-like pattern of battlements at the top of the assembly.
41. Locate four turquoise 1x1 bricks. Place the first one directly in front of the previous piece's left stud.
Place the second one directly to the right of the 2x2 that was placed in the previous step's front row.
Place the third one directly behind the rightmost 2x1's at the front's right stud. Place the last one two
studs behind the previous piece, directly in front of the rightmost backmost 2x1's right stud.
42. Locate three dark navy blue 2x2 corner tiles and place them in the front right, back right, and back
left corners, onto the 2x1s and 1x1s. Braille letters J, D, and F respectively. Locate two dark navy blue
sloped 2x1 tiles and place them horizontally onto the front and back 2x1 bricks, the front one sloping
forward and the back one sloping backward. Locate a dark navy blue 1x1 tile and place it onto the final
1x1 brick, two studs to the left of the front previous piece.
43. Locate a golden 1x1 round brick and place it directly to the left of the 2x2's back row. Locate four tan
2x2 inverted sloped bricks. Place the first one horizontally on the 2x1 plate that's directly to the left of the
previous piece, sloping up back. Place the other three 2x2 sloped bricks onto the last three 2x1 plates in
the same way around the tower.
44 & 45. Locate the four turquoise long curved bricks and place them around the tower, connecting to
the outer studs of the previous pieces.
46. Locate the four orange 1x1 round flower plate pieces and place them on the "independent" studs of
the previous pieces, at around 1:30, 4:30, 7:30, and 10:30 o'clock marks.
47. Locate four turquoise 2x1 bricks. Take two of them and place them vertically onto the turquoise
edges on the leftmost studs and rightmost studs, one goes at 3 o'clock, and the other goes at 9 o'clock.
Take the other two and place them horizontally onto the backmost studs and frontmost studs, at 12
o’clock and 6 o’clock.
48. Locate four dark navy blue 2x1 sloped tiles and place them each onto one of the previous pieces,
sloping down and out the front one slopes to the front, the left one slopes to the left, etc.
49. Locate a golden 2x1 plate with a clip and orient it so that the clip is pointing back. Place a gray 3x3
round tile onto the previous piece, centered. Place the round sticker marked with a 6 onto the round tile
if you would like. (It features a princess and a massive grey bear-like creature) Connect this assembly
by clipping it onto the front of the tower using the clip piece and bend it so that the tile is flat against the
structure, hanging down and to the front.
50. Slide the room into the castle. The target can be placed onto the round turntable in the back left of
the castle and can store Merida's bow at the clip at the back of the tower when she's not using it.
Princess Merida's castle is finished! Great work! Help her practice her archery or look out over the
kingdom from the top of the tower!
Open bags 3 and 4 for the Princess Tiana and the Frog assembly.
Assemble Princess Tiana using the green dress piece, the torso, head and the hair. Insert the long
golden shaft into the underside of the curved green umbrella piece to make the umbrella.
1. Locate the long yellow bendy bracelet piece and orient it horizontally so that the five holes are on the
right.
2. In this step, I will describe how to place the dark green 1x1 half-oval frog tile, (the tile is printed with a
frog) the light green 1x1 half-oval frog tile, (also printed with a frog) the eight green 1x1 curved tiles, the
eight pink 1x1 curved tiles, the two blue translucent 1x1 tiles, and the eight green 1x1 curved tiles. If you
want, you can place these however you like onto the bracelet and go onto the next step, or you can
follow my instructions to make a cool leafy pattern. I will use a system of coordinates to describe each
stud, the color of the piece and its direction. By direction I mean which way the curve is pointing. The
coordinate system consists of the row, and the number of studs to the right of the leftmost stud the
referenced stud is positioned on.
Back, 0, pink, up right
Front, 0, pink, down left
Back, 1, green, up left
Front, 1, green, down left
Back, 2, green, up right
Front, 2, translucent blue, square
Back, 3, salad green, up left
Front 3, salad green, down left
Back, 4, salad green, down right
Front, 4, salad green, up right
Back, 5, pink, up right
Front, 5, pink, down left
Back, 6, light frog, up
Front, 6, green, front left
Back, 7, dark frog, up
Front, 7, green, front right
Back, 8, pink, back left
Front 8, pink, front right
Back, 9, light green, front left
Front, 9, light green, back left
Back, 10, light green, back right
Front, 10, light green, front right
Back, 11, green, back left
Front, 11, translucent blue, square
Back, 12, green, back right
Front, 12, green, front right
Back, 13, pink, back left
Front, 13, pink, front right
The bracelet is done! You can use the holes on the right and the pin on the left to fasten it for the size of
your wrist.
1. Locate the 8x8 green plate with rounded corners
2. Locate four green 2x2 thin corner bricks and place them around the corners of the plate, flush. 
3. Locate three 4x1 bricks. Place the first one horizontally in the back row of the 8x8, between the two
corner bricks. Place the second one vertically on the leftmost column of the 8x8, between the two corner
bricks. Place the third one vertically on the rightmost column of the 8x8, between the two corner bricks.
4. Locate four salad 1x1x2 bricks with two Side studs. Place them side by side in the front row of the 8x8
plate, between the corner bricks, with the Side studs pointing forward.
5. Locate four more of the same salad 1x2 curved corner pieces and place them on the second layer,
each directly above the first four corner pieces. They should be one plate thickness above the 1x1x2s
with side studs.
6. Locate three more salad 1x4 bricks and place them on the second layer between the corner pieces,
directly above the first three.
7. Locate a golden 2x1 plate with three hinges in front and place it onto the middle two 1x1s, with the
hinges pointing forward. Locate two translucent light green 1x1 round plates and place them on the
other two 1x1 bricks, one to the right of the previous piece and one to the left.
8. Locate four blue 1x4 bent corner plates and place them around the corners, flush with the previous
layer.
9. Locate four translucent light blue 1x2 plates and place them around the edges between the previous
pieces, onto the three 1x4 bricks and the golden 1x2 plate with three hinges in front of it.
10. Locate four green round 2x2 corner tiles and place them in the corners directly onto the four
previous pieces. Two studs from each of the previous pieces will still be exposed.
11. Locate four green 1x4 tiles and place them around the edges between the previous pieces.
12. Locate a salad 2x2 tile with one stud in the middle and place it onto the middle four side studs on the
front of the structure, directly below the golden 1x2 tile with three hinges in front of it.
13. Locate four salad 1x1 rounded tiles and place them onto the rest of the SNOT studs on the front of
the structure, creating a 2x4 oval shape with the 2x2, with rounded corners. Locate a golden 1x1 heart
tile and place it onto the jumper stud of the 2x2.
Open bag 4.
1. Locate the large green 10x10 base plate with two rounded corners and orient it so that the rounded
corners are pointing forward.
2. Locate a green 1x6 brick and place it vertically onto the right column of the base plate, aligned at the
back with one free stud of the base plate in front of it.
3. Place a green 1x1 round brick directly to the left of the previous piece's back stud. Place a green 1x6
brick horizontally directly to the left of the previous piece. Place a green 1x1 round brick directly to the
left of the previous piece.
4. Place a green 1x6 brick vertically along the left column of the base plate, aligned at the back, with one
stud of the base plate in front of it free, symmetrically to the other side.
5. Place a salad 1x4 tile horizontally, in front of the back horizontal 1x6, on the second row from the
back, centered, so that it has two free studs on either side of it. Locate two green 2x2 corner rounded 
tiles and place them on either side of the 1x4, so that it makes a curved symmetrical line going around
the back of the box.
6. Locate three more salad 1x4 tiles. Place the first two vertically each in front of the outside column of
the two previous pieces, bordering the 1x6 bricks partially, continuing the curved line and its symmetry.
Place two more green 2x2 corner rounded tiles in front of the two previous pieces curving towards each
other and in, still forming a nice curved symmetrical line. Then place the last salad 1x4 tile horizontally
between the two previous piece's front rows creating an 8x8 outline of a square with rounded corners.
7. Locate a green 1x2 tile and place it horizontally directly in front of the previous piece. Then place two
green 1x1 rounded tiles on either side of the previous piece, curving to the sides and back, flush with the
1x2.
8. Locate two of the golden 1x4x2 fence bricks and place them side by side, horizontally, centered, in
the back row of the assembly.
9. Locate four golden 1x1 round bricks and make two 1x1x2 stacks with them. Place a stack on either
side of the previous pieces, in the back corners.
10. Locate two more of the 1x4x2 golden fence bricks and place them vertically, each in front of one of
the two stacks placed in the previous step, onto the 1x6 bricks.
11. Locate a green 1x6 plate and place it horizontally in the back row, centered, onto the two golden
fence pieces. Locate two green 2x2 corner tiles and place them on either side of the previous piece,
onto the golden fence pieces and the stacks of 1x1 rounded bricks, in the back corners.
12. Create two more stacks out of four golden 1x1 rounded bricks like you did several steps ago. Place
the two stacks each in front of one of the two vertical golden fence bricks.
13. Locate two salad 1x1 leaf plate pieces and place them onto the base plate directly in front of the two
previous pieces, pointing forward and out.
14. Place two golden 1x1 round bricks, each onto one of the previous pieces. Place two translucent
green 1x1 round plates, each onto one of the previous pieces. Place two golden 1x1 round bricks, each
onto one of the previous pieces.
15. Place two salad 1x1 leaf plate pieces, each onto one of the previous pieces, pointing forward and
out.
16. Locate two green 1x4 plates and place them vertically, each onto one of the previous pieces, one of
the two golden 1x1 round brick stacks, and each onto the front two studs of one of the two vertical 1x4x2
golden fence bricks. Place two green translucent 1x1 round plates, each behind one of the two previous
pieces.
17. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees so that it's now upside down but the curved corners of the base
plate are still facing forward. Locate four golden 2x2 round bricks with a spiky circumference and place a
salad 2x2 rounded upside-down tile underneath each one, to make a round 2x2 stack. Flip each stack
upside down and place each one in the corner of the base plate. In terms of the front two corners, which
are rounded, place the little "legs" next to the middle of the curve.
18. Set this assembly aside. Locate the other green 10x10 base plate with rounded corners and orient it
so that the rounded corners are in front.
19. Locate two salad 1x4 tiles and two salad 1x2 tiles with a stud in the middle. Place the first 1x4
vertically along the right column of the baseplate, flush with the back. Place a jumper tile horizontally, 
directly to the left of the previous pieces back end, flush with the back of the baseplate. Use the other
two tiles to reflect the same thing on the left side of the base plate.
20. Place two pink translucent circular 1x1 tiles on the baseplate, one directly to the right of the left 1x2,
and one directly to the left of the right 1x2. Then place a white 2x2 tile with a big circle on it between the
two previous pieces, flush with the back.
21. Locate two more of the same white 2x2 tile with a big circle on it. Place the first one in front of the
right vertical 1x4 tile, flush with the right side of the base plate. Then locate two salad long 1 thick curved
tile. Place the first one in the front right corner, with its back end directly in front of the 2x2's right side,
flush with the round corner. Then use the other white 2x2 and salad curved piece on the other side to
create a symmetrical pattern on the base plate. Then place another one of the same white 2x2s with a
big circle on it and place it between the two salad curved tiles, centered, flush with the front of the base
plate.
22. Locate two light blue 3x1 tiles and place them horizontally on either side of the backmost white 2x2's
front row. Locate two light blue 2x4 tiles and place them horizontally, side by side, in front of the
previous two pieces.
23. Locate another white 2x2 tile with a big circle on it and place it centered directly in front of the two
previous pieces. Locate three light blue 2x2 tiles and place them around the first 2x2, one directly in
front, one directly to the right and one directly to the left.
24. Locate two light blue curved tiles, about three studs long, and place them each along the front two
corners, bordering the other curved tiles to their outside.
25. Locate two light blue curved tiles, about two studs long, and place them a bit to the inside of the two
previous pieces, bordering them to their outside, leaving only two small gaps in the surface.
26. Fill those two small gaps, each with a light blue 1x1 curved tile.
27. Locate two green 1x1 frog pieces and place each one onto one of the two free studs at the back of
the assembly.
28. Locate the large light blue cog plate and snap it onto the middle white 2x2 with a circle on it.
29. Repeat this step four times. Locate a small light blue cog plate. Locate a green translucent 1x1
round plate and place it onto the back left stud of the cog. Locate two green 1x1 curved tiles. Place one
directly in front of the translucent plate, with the curve pointing forward and to the left, and place the
other directly to the right of the translucent plate, with the curve pointing to the back and right. Locate a
white 1x1 flower petal plate (It's a 1x1 rounded plate with four spikey thin triangular leaves sticking up
out of it.) and place it onto the translucent plate. Place a pink 1x1 round tile inside the flower petal plate.
Remember to make four of these flower assemblies. Clip each of these assemblies onto one of the four
white 2x2 tiles with a circle on top. The five cogs should spin simultaneously if one is rotated.
30. Add this to the main assembly by connecting it right on top.
31. Insert the little box into the big box. It should be able to slide in and out easily.
Tiana's jewelry box is complete! Well Done!
Open bag 5.
Let’s a assemble Princess Aurora! Find a pink octagonal dress piece, and put the torso on top, and then
put the head, and hair on top. Now we will build her umbrella. Find a pink octagonal dress bottom piece 
and a gold 4-stud-long wand piece. The dress bottom has a stud in the center Turn the wand piece
upside down and put the stud on the inside on top of the wand piece. Now place the umbrella in
Princess Aurora’s hand.
Let’s begin building her treasure chest!
1. Locate a white 4x8 trapezoid plate and orient it horizontally short side to the front.
2. Place a white 12x1 plate horizontally, onto the back row of the previous piece, centered.
3. Locate two light blue 2x2 plates. Place the first one so that its back row is under the previous piece's
left two studs. Place the second one so that its back row is under the 12x1's right two studs.
4. Locate two white 1x4 hinged plates, the kind that hinges at its halfway point, and can transform
between a 2x2 and a 1x4. Place them horizontally, each onto one of the two previous pieces, so that
their outer two studs overhang to the outside, and the hinge is protruding forward.
5. Locate a light blue 2x2 plate and place it centered onto the backmost studs of the largest plate,
directly in front of the 12x1.
6. Locate two light blue 2x1 tiles and place them vertically on either side of the previous piece.
7. Locate two pink 2x2 triangular plates with two cut-off corners and place them on the outsides of the
two previous pieces, with the "cut off" side pointing forward and out for both, flush with the largest plate.
8. Locate a translucent bluish green 2x3 pentagonal tile. Place it vertically, directly in front of the
centered light blue 2x2. Then locate two light blue 2x2 right triangles. Place them on either side of the
previous piece, with the long side pointing forward and out, flush with the rest of the tiles next to it.
9. Flip the assembly upside down but keep it so that the pointy end is still pointing forward. Locate a
white 2x1 plate and place it horizontally onto the pentagonal 2x3's middle row, directly in front of the
large plate. Then place a light blue translucent reverse 2x2 round tile onto the previous piece and the
large plate's front middle two studs.
10. Locate two more of the same translucent blue 2x2 round reverse tiles. Place the first one on the
rightmost two studs of the large white plate and the left two studs of the right 2x2 plate and place the
second on the leftmost two studs of the large white plate and the right two studs of the left 2x2 plate.
11. Flip the assembly back over to how it was oriented before. Locate two golden 2x2 round bricks with
a rough sides/fluting. Place the first one so that its back row is on the rightmost two studs of the 1x12
plate, and its front row is on the left two studs of the right hinge plate and place the second one so that
it's back row is on the leftmost two studs of the 1x12 plate and it's front row is on the right two studs of
the left hinge plate.
12. Locate a pink 1x4 brick with four side studs and orient it so that the side studs are pointing forward.
Locate a golden 1x2 tile with two indents in it and place it horizontally onto the middle two Side studs.
Locate a translucent pink 1x1 round tile and place it onto the right-side stud of the 1x4. Locate a
diamond 1x1 octagonal tile and place it onto the left Side stud of the 1x4. Rotate the 1x4 back around so
that the tiles are pointing backwards and place the 1x4 onto the back row of the assembly, directly to the
left of the right 2x2 round brick's back row.
13. Locate a pink 1x4 plate with four Side studs and orient it so that the Side studs are pointing forward.
Locate a golden 1x2 tile with two indents in it and place it horizontally onto the middle two Side studs.
Locate a translucent pink 1x1 round tile and place it onto the left Side stud of the 1x4. Locate a diamond
1x1 octagonal piece, (It is spherical, but octagonal and place it onto the right-side stud of the 1x4. 
Rotate the 1x4 back around so that the tiles are pointing backwards and place the 1x4 onto the back
row of the assembly, directly to the right of the left 2x2 round brick's back row.
14. Locate two large blue 6x6 triangular plates with two cut-off corners. Place the first one so that its
only two studs in the front row are under the right two studs of the right 1x4 hinged plate, when oriented
so that its long side is pointing forward and to the right. Place the second one so that its only two studs
in the front row are under the left two studs of the left 1x4 hinged plate, when oriented so that its long
side is pointing forward and to the left.
15. Flip the assembly back upside down so the pentagon is to the back. Locate two translucent blue
2x2 round reverse tiles. Place the first one in the back of the right large 6x6 pentagonal plate. Place the
second one symmetrically to the left on the left large 6x6 pentagonal plate.
16. Flip the assembly back over to its normal position. Place a pink 2x1x3 brick horizontally onto the
right two studs of the right pink 1x4 brick in the back of the assembly.
17. Locate a 1x4x3 brick and place it horizontally to the left of the previous piece, with the carved-out
part pointing forward. If you would like, you can place a sticker labeled with a 2 onto the inside of this
piece, the sticker is printed with a mirror.
18. Place another pink 1x2x3 brick horizontally directly to the left of the previous piece.
19. Locate six translucent pink 2x2 round bricks and use them to create two stacks of three tall, rounded
pillars. Place these two stacks, each onto one of the two golden 2x2 round bricks.
20. Locate six light blue 2x1 bricks and use them to create two stacks of three tall 2x1 bricks. Place the
first one directly to the left of the right round pillar's front row and directly in front of the tall pink 2x1x3
brick. Place the second one directly to the right of the left round pillar's front row and directly in front of
the tall pink 2x1x3 brick.
21. Locate two white 1x6 plates and place them horizontally, side by side, on the back row of the
assembly, covering the back rows of the round pillars, the tall 2x1x3 bricks and the 1x4x3 brick.
22. Locate a white 1x6 arch brick and place it onto the two pink stacks of 1x2s, covering their inside
studs and arching over the gap between them.
23. Locate two golden 1x1 round bricks and place them on either side of the previous piece.
24. Locate two door bricks and place them each onto one of the two studs in front of the blue 1x2
stacks, meeting in the middle, and opening forward.
25. Locate two pink 2x2 triangular plates with two cut-off corners and two golden 1x2 plates with a bar.
Take a 2x2 pentagonal plate and place it so that it covers the left golden 1x1 round brick, the 1x6 arch's
left stud and the left door's stud. Then take the golden 1x2 plate with bar, and place it horizontally,
directly to the right of the previous piece, onto the arch, with the bar hinge covering most of the depth of
the gap between the door and the arch. Then place the other 1x2 plate horizontally, directly to the right
of the previous piece. Then take the other 2x2 pentagonal plate and place it directly to the right of the
previous piece, so that it covers the right golden 1x1 round brick, the 1x6 arch's right stud and the right
door's stud, symmetrically to how it was done with the other 2x2 pentagonal plate.
26. Locate two white 1x4 plates and two white 1x6 plates. Place the first white 1x4 vertically behind the
left 1x4 hinge brick's second stud from the left, along the right edge of the left large plate on the left of
the structure. Then place a white 1x6 plate horizontally along the back row of the same large plate.
Place the second white 1x4 vertically behind the right 1x4 hinge brick's second stud from the right, along
the left edge of the right large plate on the right of the structure. Then place a white 1x6 plate
horizontally along the back row of the same large plate. 
27. Locate two white 1x1 quarter round tiles. Place the first one directly to the left of the first 1x4 placed
in the previous step's back stud, with the curve pointing forward and to the left. Place the second one
directly to the right of the second 1x4 placed in the previous step's back stud, with the curve pointing
forward and to the right.
28. Hinge the two outer plates to the inside so that the assembly forms into a rectangular shape, with
the old triangle in the front of the assembly now being sheathed from three sides by the two large plates.
Locate two pink 1x4 bricks each with four Side studs pointing forward. Place a golden 1x2 tile with two
indents horizontally onto the middle two studs of each of the two 1x4 bricks. Then locate four translucent
pink 1x1 round tiles and place them onto the remaining four side studs among the two 1x4 bricks. Place
the first one of these assemblies vertically, with its back stud on top of the front left stud of the left hinge
brick and its front three studs on top of the back three studs of the left 1x4 plate placed two steps ago,
with the tiles pointing left. Place the second one of these assemblies vertically, with its back stud over
the front right stud of the right hinge brick and its front three studs over the back three studs of the right
1x4 plate placed two steps ago, with the tiles pointing right.
29. Locate eight golden 1x1 round bricks and use them to create two stacks of four tall 1x1 round pillars.
Place the first pillar onto the front right stud of the left hinge brick, directly to the right of the left 1x4
placed in the previous step's back stud. Place the second pillar onto the front left stud of the right hinge
brick, directly to the left of the right 1x4 placed in the previous step's back stud.
30. Locate a pink 1x4x3 brick and if you would like, place a sticker marked with a 5 on its inside. (This
sticker features a stained-glass design of three witches in flight, one in a blue dress and blue hat, one in
a green dress and green witches’ hat, and one in a pink dress and pink hat.) Place this onto the right
1x4 brick placed two steps ago, with the inside pointing to the left.
31. Locate another pink 1x4x3 brick and if you would like, place a sticker marked with a 7 on its inside.
(The sticker features a queen in a grey and pink cloak. Place this onto the left 1x4 brick placed two
steps ago, with the inside pointing to the right.
32. Locate two white 1x4 hinged plates and hinge them so they form a 2x2. Place the first one so that
it's back two studs go on the front two studs of the left 2x2 round pillar, directly in front of the left two
studs of the 1x12 plate, and its front two studs go on the left 1x4 brick's back stud and the 1x1 round
brick pillar-- make sure the round hinge bump is pointing to the left so that the assembly can still hinge.
Place the second one so that its back two studs go on the front two studs of the right 2x2 round pillar,
directly in front of the right two studs of the 1x12 plate, and its front two studs go on the right 1x4 brick's
back stud and the 1x1 round brick pillar, and make sure the round hinge bump is pointing to the right.
33. Locate a golden 2x2 round brick with a rough surface. Stack three pink translucent 2x2 round bricks
onto it making a round 2x2 pillar that is four bricks tall. Make two of these pillars. Place the first one in
the very front left corner of the assembly, onto the front stud of the 1x4, left two studs of the 1x6, and the
1x1 tile, and place the second one symmetrically in the front right corner of the assembly.
34. Locate a pink 1x2 brick with two Side studs in front of it, and place it horizontally, directly to the right
of the front row of the first 2x2 pillar placed in the last step, with the Side studs pointing forward. Place a
1x1 diamond tile on the left SNOT stud, and a pink translucent 1x1 round tile on the right-side stud.
35. Locate a pink 1x2 brick with two Side studs in front of it, and place it horizontally, directly to the left
of the front row of the second 2x2 pillar placed two steps ago, with the Side studs pointing forward.
Place a 1x1 diamond tile on the right-side stud, and a pink translucent 1x1 round tile on the left Side
stud.
36. Place a white 1x1 brick with a horizontal clip in front of it directly to the left of the previous piece, with
the clip pointing forward. Place a pink 1x1 brick directly to the left of the previous piece. Place another
pink 1x1 brick directly to the left of the previous piece. Place another white 1x1 brick with a horizontal 
clip in front of it directly to the left of the previous piece, with the clip pointing forward. This last piece
should be directly to the right of one of the 1x2 bricks.
37. Locate two pink 1x4x3 bricks and if you would like, you can place a sticker marked with a 1 onto the
inside of each of them. (These stickers are shiny reflective mirrors) Then place these two bricks
horizontally, side by side, in the front row, onto the four previous pieces, with the insides pointing back.
38. Locate two white 1x2 plates, two white 3x3 triangular plates with concaved semicircle and two white
1x1 plates. Place a 1x1 on the left column of the structure, on the fourth stud from the back, directly in
front of the left hinge plate's left column. Then place the 3x3 directly in front of the previous piece, in the
front left corner, onto the two 1x4 bricks and the round 2x2 pillar, with the concaved portion pointing to
the inside, to the right and back. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally, directly to the right of the previous piece,
on the right two studs of the middle-left 1x4 brick. Then place another 1x2 plate horizontally, directly to
the right of the previous piece. Then place another 3x3 plate symmetrically to how it was done a few
moments ago, with the concaved portion pointing to the left and back. Then place the last 1x1 directly
behind the previous piece's right row.
39. Locate two light blue 1x4 tiles, with two studs on each of them. Place them horizontally, side by cide,
onto the 1x12 plate at the back of the assembly, centered.
40. Place a translucent blue 1x2 tile horizontally directly in front of the previous two pieces, centered.
Locate two translucent blue 1x4 tiles and place them on either side of the previous piece.
41. Locate two light blue 2x2 corner tiles, and place them in the back corners, around the outside ends
of the previous pieces.
42. Locate two light blue 1x4 tiles and place them vertically, each in front of one of the two previous
pieces, onto the outside columns of the assembly. Then locate two translucent blue 1x1 round tiles and
place them one stud forward and one stud in from the previous piece's front ends, in the center of the
concaved portion of the 3x3 plates, second stud from the front and second stud from the outside.
43. Locate two more blue 2x2 corner tiles and place them in the front corners around the previous
pieces. Locate two blue 1x4 tiles with two studs on them each. Place them horizontally, side by side, on
the front row, between the previous pieces.
44. Locate four translucent blue 2x2 reverse tiles. Flip the assembly upside down as done before. Place
the first two tiles in the front corners of the assembly. Place the second two tiles two studs in from the
first two, in the front two rows, side by side, touching in the middle, centered.
Open bag 6.
45. Flip the assembly back over and open it about halfway on each side so that the hinged bricks are
now at a 45-degree angle. Locate a translucent blue 1x1 round brick and insert the blue hairbrush piece
into its top. Place this piece in the back stud of the right row on the inside of the right wing.
46. Locate a translucent blue 1x2 brick and orient it horizontally. Place a golden 1x2 tile with one stud in
the middle horizontally onto the brick. Place a transparent 1x1 round tile with a little pin onto the stud of
the previous piece. Then locate the golden tiara piece and place it onto the pin. Open the doors in the
middle of the assembly and place the little crown pedestal horizontally onto the back row of the 2x2 in
the little room behind the doors. Then close the doors.
47. Locate a golden 2x2 tile with one stud in the middle and place it into the middle of the left wing, with
one row of studs behind it and one column of studs to its left. To place it on the studs, you'll have to
place the tile at an angle, so that one corner of it points towards you-- imagine this tile as a rhombus to
place it correctly.
48. Build a cake: Locate a brown 2x2 round brick with a rough surface and place blue 2x2 round icing
plate over it. The blue Icing plate is a round 2x2 plate with short and long spikes hanging down vertically
from it. Then place a blue 2x2 round tile with one stud over the icing plate. Then place a white 1x1 icing
tile onto the stud of the previous piece. This tyle is circular consisting of one large ring, one smaller ring,
and topped off by an oval bulb. Then place this cupcake assembly onto the jumper stud of the 2x2
golden tile placed in the previous step. Then close the assembly by hinging the wings in.
49. Locate a white 2x2 reverse tile. This tile is smooth on the bottom. Place two golden 1x2 plates with
a bar vertically onto the tile, with the bar hinges pointing out to the left and right. Then place a pink 2x2
round tile over them. Flip this small assembly over and if you would like, place the sticker marked with a
4 onto the flat side of the reverse tile. (The sticker has a picture of a lock on it.) Then clip this assembly
to the two clip pieces at the front of the big assembly to lock it.
50. Set that aside, we will now build the roof. Locate a white 1x12 plate and orient it horizontally. Place a
pink 2x8 tile vertically so that its back row goes onto the 1x12's right two studs, and the rest of the 2x8
overhanging forward.
51. Locate another 1x12 plate. Place it horizontally so that it's right two studs go under the 2x8's front
two studs, the rest of it protruding out to the left.
52. Locate another pink 2x8 and place it vertically over both 1x12s left two studs.
53. Locate two white 1x6 plates and place them vertically, the first one under the left 2x8's left row
centered, and the second one under the right 2x8's right row centered.
54. Locate two pink 1x4 plates and place them horizontally, side by side, on the back row. Locate two
pink 1x2 plates. Place the first one onto the front 1x12 plate, horizontally, directly to the right of the left
2x8's front row and place the second one also onto the front 1x12 plate, horizontally, directly to the left
of the right 2x8's front row, with a 4-stud gap between them.
55. Locate a gray 1x2 plate with two Side studs in front of it, and place it horizontally, onto the front 1x12
plate, centered, with the side studs pointing forward. Place two white 1x1 plates with a horizontal clip
and place them on either side of the previous piece, with the clips pointing forward.
56. Locate two golden 1x2 plates with a bar and two light blue 1x2 plates. Place a golden 1x2 plate with
bar vertically onto the leftmost row of the assembly, with the bar pointing left. Place a light blue 1x2 plate
vertically directly to the right of the previous piece. Place a golden 1x2 plate vertically onto the rightmost
row of the assembly, with the hinge pointing right. Place a light blue 1x2 plate vertically directly to the left
of the previous piece.
57. Locate four pink 2x2 plates. Place the first one behind the first two pieces placed in the previous
step. Place the second one behind the second two pieces placed in the previous step. Place the third
one in front of the first two pieces placed in the previous step. Place the fourth one in front of the second
two pieces placed in the previous step.
58. Locate four pink 2x3 bricks with a sloped end. Place the first two vertically, one in front of the other,
sloping away from each other, on the left two columns of the assembly, centered. Place the second two
vertically, one in front of the other, sloping away from each other, on the right two columns of the
assembly, centered. 
59. Locate four pink 1x2 plates. Place the first one vertically, on the leftmost column of the assembly,
onto the pieces placed in the previous step, centered. Place the second one vertically, directly to the
right of the previous step. Place the third one vertically, on the rightmost column of the assembly, onto
the pieces placed in the previous step, centered along the column. Place the fourth one vertically,
directly to the left of the previous piece.
60. Locate eight pink 1x1 large, sloped bricks. Place the first four, each in front of one of the four plates
placed in the previous step, sloping down forward. Place the second four, each behind one of the four
plates placed in the previous step, sloping down backward.
61. Locate two pink 2x4 plates and place them vertically, the first one on the leftmost two columns
centered, the second one on the rightmost two columns centered.
62. Place the large pink arch brick horizontally in the middle of the assembly, between the previous
pieces.
63. Locate two white 2x4 tiles with two studs on them each. Place the first one horizontally onto the
leftmost four columns, centered, and place the second one horizontally onto the rightmost four columns,
centered.
64. Find the 2x4 plates we placed four steps ago. Place four golden 1x2 grilles with middle stud, each
horizontally onto their back two studs and onto their front two studs.
65. Locate a golden 2x2 tile with middle stud and place it onto the middle of the structure. Then place a
golden 1x2 grille with two indents vertically onto either side of it.
66. Locate a translucent pink 1x1 round tile and place it onto the leftmost jumper stud. Place a golden
1x1 round plate onto the jumper stud to its right. Place a golden 1x1 rounded large spiky plate onto the
jumper stud to its right. (It's the same piece we used for the flowers in bag 4) Place a golden 1x1 round
plate onto the jumper stud to its right. Place a pink translucent tile onto the jumper stud to its right.
67. Place two diamond 1x1 round tiles, each onto one of the two golden 1x1 round plates. Place a pink
ball into the large golden 1x1 round spiky plate.
68. Place a golden 1x2 tile horizontally onto the Side studs at the front of the structure. Clip the two
golden long wavy pieces onto either side of the previous piece, and bend them over to the sides, they
are icicles.
69. Attach the roof to the rest of the box and you're done!
Congratulations, enjoy playing with your new enchanted creations!
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and please tell your friends about us!
On the back of the instruction booklets, there are ads for the following kits:
43200 - Antonio's Magical Door
43201 - Isabela's Magical Door
43202 - The Madrigal House
43197 - The Ice Castle
43187 - Rapunzel's Tower
43194 - Anna and Elsa's Frozen Wonderland
43196 - Belle and the Beast's Castle
43208 - Jasmine and Mulan’s Adventure