40651 Australia Postcard
Set adapted by Daniel Werner and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
Bring the unique sights of the Australian outback to life with this impressive 3D buildable Australia
Postcard (40651). This brilliant gift features some of the outback’s most famous sights, including a shed,
windmill, eucalyptus tree, desert flowers and a cockatoo. LEGO® fans can also add a decorative plaque
with ‘Australia’ written on it, and a kangaroo road sign.
Take a trip to the outback – A 3D buildable postcard of the Australian outback, which kids aged 7+ can
decorate with a plaque showing the country’s name and a kangaroo road sign
Enjoy the sights – LEGO® Australia Postcard (40651) features some of the outback’s most famous
sights: a shed, windmill, eucalyptus tree, desert flowers and a cockatoo.
Perfect for display – Measuring over 4 in. (10 cm) high, 5.5 in (15cm) wide and 1.5 in. (5cm) long this
LEGO® postcard makes a displayable gift for both tourists and Australians who love the outback
The front of the box shows an upright standing 3D postcard of Australia. A wooden label at the bottom
reads “AUSTRALIA”. From left to right the scene depicts a gray windmill, a tiny wooden outside toilet with
a heart shaped hole in the door, a wooden shed with an aluminum roof as well as a large eucalyptus tree
with a yellow-crested cockatoo on top and a yellow road sign warning about kangaroos. Although the
scene stands on dark orange desert ground, there are signs of plant life with some purple blooming
desert flowers and small trees spread throughout. At the foot of the eucalyptus tree, there is a small
puddle of water. The background of the scene shows a blue sky with two large white clouds. At the upper
left corner of the scene flies a white plane with a red rudder.
The back of the box shows a large stylistic world map made out of dots with a location marker indicating
Australia. In addition, there are four smaller inset images. The top left inset image shows the small
airplane with a red rudder in front of the blue sky. The top center inset image shows the small wooden
shed with its aluminum roof as well as the wooden board with the word “AUSTRALIA”. The top right inset
image depicts the large eucalyptus tree with the yellow-crested cockatoo sitting on top and the yellow
road sign warning about kangaroos. The bottom right inset image shows the gray windmill with some
purple desert flowers next to it.
The build is 191 pieces and 54 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to back.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/40651) As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
sighted friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the
pieces should be sorted into groups according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance
makes locating the pieces easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this
set. Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be collected
into a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
Bag 1 (3 groups of bricks)
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-6 and the dark orange 1x2 tile from step 7. The two medium blue
1x2 tiles from step 6 are in a separate sub-bag.
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 7-10, except for the dark orange 1x2 tile from step 7 which is in
group 1.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 11-13. The dark azure 1x1 plate from step 13.3 is in a separate
sub-bag.
Bag 2 (7 groups of bricks)
Flower plate group 1 contains all 17 green 1x1 round plates with flower edges from steps 20, 26, 33, 34,
and 35 to make it easier to distinguish them from other 1x1 round plates.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 14-19.
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 20-24. The medium nougat 1x1 plate from step 21 is in a separate
sub-bag.
Group 6 contains the pieces for steps 25-29. The dark orange 1x1 round plates from steps 26 and 27, the
reddish brown 1x1 brick from step 28, and the medium nougat 1x1 plate from step 29 are in a separate
sub-bag.
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 30-35.
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 36-44.
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 45-54.
§
Building Instructions:
Open bag 1 and group 1 which contains the pieces for steps 1-6 and the dark orange 1x2 tile from step 7.
The two medium blue 1x2 tiles from step 6 are in a separate sub-bag.
In this bag, you’ll build the upright standing background of the scene which consists of some dark orange
desert hills, the blue sky, two large white clouds and a flying plane.
1. Locate a black 2x12 plate and place it in front of you vertically.
2. Place a black 1x6 plate horizontally centered onto the back row of the previous piece.
3. Locate two black 4x12 plates and orient them vertically. Place one below the previous piece left of the
black 2x12 plate from step 1, flush at the front and back. The previous piece should then cover the
rightmost two studs of the back row of the 4x12 plate. Repeat symmetrically at the right.
4. Locate two black 1x6 plates. Place one of them horizontally in the back row to the left of the black 1x6
plate from step 2. It should overhang by 4 studs to the left. Repeat symmetrically at the right.
5. Locate two black 4x12 plates and orient them vertically. Place one below the previous piece at the
right, flush at the front and back. The previous piece should then cover the back row of the current piece.
Repeat symmetrically at the left.
6. You will cover all of the second and third row from the back with tiles in this step. Place a dark orange
1x2 tile vertically in the leftmost column in the second and third row from the back. Place another dark
orange 1x2 tile horizontally to the right in the second row from the back. Place a medium blue 1x2 tile
from a separate bag from group 1 horizontally in front of the previous piece. Place a dark orange 2x4 tile
horizontally to the right and back, so in the second and third row from the back. Repeat to the right. Place
a dark orange 2x2 tile to the right. Place a dark orange 1x2 tile horizontally to the right in the second row
from the back. Place a medium blue 1x2 tile from a separate bag from group 1 horizontally in front of the
previous piece. Place a dark orange 1x2 tile vertically to the right and back, so in the second and third
row from the back. Place a dark orange 2x2 tile to the right. The second and third row from the back
should now be fully covered by tiles. Note, that there is a single dark orange 1x2 tile remaining in this
group. Keep it separate from the next group so you can identify it, because it’ll be used in the next step.
Open group 2 which contains the pieces for steps 7-10, except for the dark orange 1x2 tile from step 7
which is in group 1.
7. You will cover all of the fourth and fifth row from the back with tiles in this step. Place a medium blue
2x3 tile horizontally at the very left of the fourth and fifth row from the back, flush at the left. Repeat to the
right three times. Place a medium blue 1x2 tile vertically to the right. Place a medium blue 2x3 tile
horizontally to the right. Place the dark orange 1x2 tile from the previous bag horizontally to the right in
the fourth row from the back. Place a medium blue 1x2 tile horizontally in front of the previous piece. The
fourth and fifth row from the back should now be fully covered by tiles.
8. You will cover almost all of the sixth and seventh row from the back with tiles in this step (except for the
second and third column from the left). Place a medium blue 1x2 tile vertically at the very left of the sixth
and seventh row from the back. Skip two columns to the right and place a medium blue 1x2 tile vertically
in the fourth column from the left. Place a medium blue 2x3 tile horizontally to the right. Repeat to the
right two times. Place a white 2x2 tile modified with two studs to the right, studs to the front. Place a
medium blue 2x3 tile horizontally to the right. Almost all of the sixth and seventh row from the back should
now be covered by tiles (except for the second and third column from the left).
9. You will cover all of the fourth and fifth row from the front with tiles in this step. Place a medium blue
2x3 tile horizontally at the very left of the fourth and fifth row from the front, flush at the left. Repeat to the
right three times. Place a medium blue 1x2 tile vertically to the right. Place a medium blue 2x3 tile
horizontally to the right. Place a medium blue 2x2 tile to the right. The fourth and fifth row from the front
should now be fully covered by tiles.
10. You will cover most parts of the second and third row from the front with tiles in this step (except for
five studs). Place a medium blue 1x2 tile vertically at the very left of the second and third row from the
front. Place a medium blue 2x3 tile horizontally to the right. Skip two columns to the right and place a
medium blue 2x3 tile horizontally. Place a white 2x2 tile modified with two studs to the right, studs to the
back. Place a medium blue 1x2 tile vertically to the right. Place a medium blue 2x3 tile horizontally to the
right. Place a medium blue 1x1 tile to the right in the second row from the front. Place a medium blue 2x2
tile to the right and back, so in the second and third row from the front. Most parts of the second and third
row from the front should now be covered by tiles (except for five studs).
Open group 3 which contains the pieces for steps 11-13. The dark azure 1x1 plate from step 13.3 is in a
separate sub-bag.
11. Locate three black 1x6 tiles and cover the front row with them horizontally.
12. Locate two white cloud pieces with three studs on top. Place one of them horizontally onto the front
white 2x2 tile modified with two studs so that it is mainly above the second and third row from the front
(the two studs from the tile modified should go into the back row of the cloud). Place the other cloud
horizontally onto the white 2x2 tile modified with two studs further back so that it is mainly above the sixth
and seventh row from the back (the two studs from the tile modified should go into the front row of the
cloud).
13. In this step consisting of three sub-steps you are building the small plane with a red rudder which is
flying across the scene.
13.1 Locate a white 2x2 corner plate and orient it as if it were the braille letter H (so with the missing stud
in the back right). Place a medium nougat (medium brown, mix of brown and orange) 1x1 plate onto the
front right stud of the previous piece.
13.2 Place a red 1x1 slope onto the previous piece, slope to the left. Locate a white 1x2 curved slope and
orient it horizontally, slope to the left and place it to the left.
13.3 Locate a dark azure (medium blue, mix of cyan and blue) 1x1 plate from a separate bag from group
3. Place a trans-clear 1x1 brick modified with headlight onto the previous piece, headlight to the front.
Rotate the piece you just built by 90° onto its back so that the headlight points to the top, top stud to the
back and place it below the front left stud of the white 2x2 corner plate from step 13.1.
You have finished building the small plane and will now attach it to the main scene. The plane will be
attached at the un-tiled single stud in the third row from the front using the dark azure 1x1 plate of the
plane. Orient the plane so that the headlight brick is upright again, headlight to the front, with the dark
azure 1x1 plate at the bottom. Like this, place the plane onto the described single stud in the third row
from the front. The plane will be on its side, flying to the left, its top pointing towards you. What is the front
of the main piece now will later be the top of the postcard, so the plane will be flying rightwards in the
upper left corner of the upright standing postcard. By the way, the aircraft is presumably one of the
Australian airline Qantas, whose trademark is the red rudder.
You have successfully finished building bag 1 creating the upright standing background of the scene
which consists of some dark orange desert hills, the blue sky, two large white clouds and a flying plane.
Set this piece aside for now.
Open bag 2 and group 4 which contains the pieces for steps 14-19.
In this bag, you’ll build the base of the upright standing postcard, including a gray windmill, a tiny wooden
outside toilet, a wooden shed with an aluminum roof as well as a large eucalyptus tree.
14. Locate a dark orange 4x6 plate and orient it horizontally.
15. Locate two black 1x2 bricks and two black 1x2x2 brick modifieds with four side studs. Place a black
1x2 brick horizontally onto a black 1x2x2 brick modified with side studs, side studs pointing to the back.
Rotate the piece you just built by 90° onto its front so the 2x2 side studs point to the top and the 1x2 top
studs point to the front. Place this piece below the dark orange 4x6 plate from the previous step so that
the right column of side studs of the current piece attach to the backmost studs of the leftmost column of
the plate. The left column of the current piece should protrude to the left of the plate and the current piece
should be flush with the plate at the back. Repeat symmetrically at the right.
16. Locate two black 1x6 plates and put them on top of each other horizontally. Rotate the plates by 90°
onto their front so that their studs point to the front. Attach them from the front to the front of the main
piece, centered horizontally. The plates should now be hidden below the dark orange 4x6 plate (when
viewed from above).
17. Locate two black 1x6 plates and two black 1x6 tiles. Put a black 1x6 tile onto a black 1x6 plate
horizontally. Rotate the piece you just built by 90° onto its front so that the smooth part of the tile points to
the front. Attach this piece to the front of the main piece similarly to and in line with the piece from the
previous step, but to its left so it is connected to the main piece by the single exposed stud of the 1x2
brick from step 15 and overhanging to the left. Repeat symmetrically to the right.
18. Locate two black 1x2 bricks and two black 1x2x2 brick modifieds with side studs. Place a black 1x2
brick horizontally onto a black 1x2x2 brick modified with side studs, side studs pointing to the back.
Rotate the piece you just built by 90° onto its front so the 2x2 side studs point to the top and the 1x2 top
studs point to the front. Attach the current piece to the left piece from the previous step from the back as
far left as possible without overhanging. This piece should then be attached and oriented similarly to the
two identically built pieces further in the center of the main piece (which are half-hidden by the dark
orange 4x6 plate). Repeat symmetrically to the right.
19. Locate two dark orange 4x6 plates. Orient them horizontally and place one of them to the left of the
dark orange 4x6 plate from step 14. Repeat symmetrically to the right. With this you have finished the
base of the standing postcard.
Open group 5 which contains the pieces for steps 20-24. The medium nougat 1x1 plate from step 21 is in
a separate sub-bag. For step 20 you will need the separate flower plate group 1 bag.
20. Place a light bluish gray 1x1 round plate at the back right corner (pay attention that you are not using
the round plate with a hole in its stud!). Locate three green 1x1 round plates with flower edges from the
separate flower plate group 1 bag. Place a green flower plate to the left. Place a tan 1x1 slope to the left,
slope to the right. Place a green flower plate to the front. Place a trans-light blue 1x2 tile horizontally to
the right. Place a green flower plate to the front as far right as possible. Place a trans-light blue 1x2 tile
horizontally to the left. The back right 3x3 studs of the base should be covered now.
21. Place a medium nougat 1x1 plate from a separate bag from group 5 on top of a tan 1x1 plate. Place
the piece you just made to the left of the slope in the back row. Place a tan 1x1 slope to the left, slope to
the left. Place a tan 1x1 slope, slope to the front, skipping one row in front of the stacked 1x1 plates, so in
the second row from the front, left of the trans-light blue 1x2 tile.
22. In this step consisting of three sub-steps you are building part of the base of the eucalyptus tree.
22.1 Locate a tan 1x3x3 arch and orient it horizontally, the base of the arch to the left. Place a tan 1x1
plate onto the single leftmost stud of the previous piece.
22.2 Locate a light bluish gray 2x2-1x2 centered bracket and put it onto the two rightmost studs of the
arch, 2x2 anti-studs to the back.
22.3 Place a sand green 1x3 plate horizontally onto the previous piece overhanging one stud to the right.
Place the piece you just built onto the stacked 1x1 plates in the back row of the main piece, the arch
extending to the right.
23. Locate a tan 1x3x3 arch and orient it vertically, the base of the arch to the back. Place a tan 1x1 brick
onto the single backmost stud of the previous piece. Place the piece you just built to the front of the base
of the arch from the previous step, the arch extending to the front. If placed correctly, the top of the arch
from this step should form a plane surface of size 1x4 with the leftmost stud of the arch of the previous
step. The two arches are the base of the eucalyptus tree.
24. Place a light bluish gray 1x4 plate vertically onto the aforementioned space on top of the two arches
which is in the fourth column from the right. Place a dark bluish gray 1x1 round plate with a hole in its stud
onto the front right stud of the main piece.
Open group 6 which contains the pieces for steps 25-29. The dark orange 1x1 round plates from steps 26
and 27, the reddish brown 1x1 brick from step 28, and the medium nougat 1x1 plate from step 29 are in a
separate sub-bag. For step 26 you will need the separate flower plate group 1 bag.
25. Make a piece. Locate a light bluish gray bar with 1x1 round plate and place a light bluish gray 1x1
round plate on top of it. Extend the bar of the previous piece with a dark bluish gray candle by inserting
the bar into the opening of the candle piece. Rotate the piece you just built upright so that the thin side of
the candle piece is at the bottom and the stud of the 1x1 round plate points to the front. Insert the piece
like this into the dark bluish gray 1x1 round plate in the front right from the previous step. This is the pole
of the traffic sign warning about kangaroos.
26. Place a light bluish gray 1x1 round plate to the left of the previous piece, skipping two columns, so in
the fourth column from the right. Place a dark orange 1x1 round plate from a separate bag from group 6
to the left of the previous piece, skipping two columns again, so in the seventh column from the right (Fun
fact: Since this piece has the same color as the plate below, it is hard to distinguish visually, which is why
LEGO deliberately draws attention to the piece using a callout - something that’s not necessary in these
written instructions). Place a light bluish gray 1x1 round plate to the back and to the right of the previous
piece. Locate two green 1x1 round plates with flower edges from the separate flower plate group 1 bag.
Place a green flower plate to the right. Place a trans-light blue 1x2 tile horizontally to the back, extending
to the left, so behind the last two pieces to the left of the arch piece from step 23. Place a green flower
plate to the back of the left column of the previous piece.
27. Place a dark bluish gray 1x1 round brick to the left of the previous piece. Place a dark bluish gray 1x1
round tile on top of the previous piece. Place a medium nougat 1x4 plate horizontally to the left. Place a
dark orange 1x1 round plate from a separate bag from group 6 to the left.
28. Locate two medium nougat 1x1 bricks and place one of them onto the left and one of them onto the
right end of the medium nougat 1x4 plate from the previous step, leaving two free studs in between.
Locate a reddish brown 1x1 brick from a separate bag from group 6 and apply the sticker number 3 to its
front side. The sticker shows a wooden texture. Place the brick onto the second stud from the right of the
same just mentioned medium nougat 1x4 plate from the previous step, sticker pointing to the front.
29. Locate a medium nougat 1x1 plate from a separate bag from group 6 and put two trans-brown 1x1
plates on top of it. Place the piece you just built left of the previous piece. All four studs of the medium
nougat 1x4 plate from step 27 should be covered now.
Open group 7 which contains the pieces for steps 30-35. For steps 33, 34, and 35 you will need the
separate flower plate group 1 bag.
30. Place a medium nougat 1x4 plate horizontally onto the four level studs in the back row from the last
two steps. The plate should be exactly above the similar plate from step 27. Place a reddish brown 1x2
tile horizontally to the front, centered horizontally in relation to the previous piece.
31. Locate two light bluish gray telescopes as well as two dark bluish gray 1x1 slopes. Orient a telescope
upright with the stud pointing to the top and place one of the slopes onto it, slope to the front. Place the
piece you just built to the right of the reddish brown 1x2 tile from the previous step. Repeat symmetrically
to the left. These are the supporting pillars of the shed roof. Place a dark orange 1x1 round plate in front
of the previous piece.
32. Locate two dark bluish gray 1x2 hinge bricks as well as two light bluish gray 2x2 hinge plates. Make
two similar pieces. Orient a hinge brick horizontally so that it is open to the front and clip one of the hinge
plates onto it, hinge to the back. Place a metallic silver 1x2 grille tile vertically onto the left column of the
hinge plate. Place another metallic silver 1x2 grille tile vertically to the right. Place the piece you just built
onto the leftmost studs of the medium nougat 1x4 plate from step 30 in the back row, so that the hinge
plate extends to the front. Repeat symmetrically to the right. Then, tilt the two pieces you just placed
downwards, so that they slope forward and touch the two slopes located on the telescopes. You just built
the aluminum roof of the shed.
33. Locate four green 1x1 round plates with flower edges from the separate flower plate group 1 bag.
Place a green flower plate at the back left corner of the main piece. Place a dark bluish gray 2x2 tile
modified with two studs to the right, extending to the front, with the two studs at the back. Place a dark
orange 1x1 round plate to the front of the left column of the previous piece. Place a green flower plate in
the back row, fourth column from the left. Place another green flower plate to the right and to the front of
the previous piece. Place another green flower plate to the right and to the back of the previous piece.
The last three flower pieces should frame a free stud in the back row, fifth column from the left.
34. Locate a light bluish gray 1x2 bracket with two side studs sticking up and place it horizontally onto the
dark bluish gray 2x2 tile modified with two studs from the previous step, side studs to the front. Insert a
tan bar with three prongs with the bar end into the flower plate to the right. Insert another tan bar with
three prongs into the flower plate in the second row from the front, fifth column from the right (which you
placed much earlier, in step 26). Locate four green 1x1 round plates with flower edges from the separate
flower plate group 1 bag. Place three green flower plates in the front row, first, third, and sixth column
from the left. Place another green flower plate in the second row from the front, leftmost column.
35. Locate three magenta 1x1 round plates with flower edges (Note, that these are not in the separate
flower plate group 1, but in the bag for group 7, instead!). Place one of each onto a green flower plate on
the main piece, from the left and from the front: first column and second row, third column and first row,
fifth column and third row. Locate four tan bars with three prongs as well as four green 1x1 round plates
with flower edges from the separate flower plate group 1 bag. Make four similar pieces, each by sticking
one of the green flower plates to the longest one of the prongs of the tan bars (NOT to the bar!). The
pieces you just built will be inserted into green flower plates on the main piece as you did in the step
before. Insert one of each into the flower plates in the back row, first column, sixth column, and thirteenth
column from the left, as well as in the front row, sixth column from the left.
Open group 8 which contains the pieces for steps 36-44.
36. Build a sub-piece - the windmill. Locate a light bluish gray 1x1 technic brick with a hole, a light bluish
gray 1x2 plate modified with long stud receptacle (looks like a 1x2 plate with an elongated triangle on one
of its long sides, the tip of the triangle being an anti-stud), a light bluish gray bar with a 1x1 round plate,
and a dark bluish gray engine with 10 blades. Place the technic brick onto the 1x1 round plate of the gray
bar, bar to the left and brick hole to the front and back. Orient the 1x2 plate modified with long stud
receptacle upright so that the stud receptacle points to the bottom and the two studs are at the top and
point to the front. Place it like that onto the top stud of the technic brick. Insert the technic pin of the
engine with 10 blades from the front into the hole of the technic brick. The windmill is upside down,
currently, so rotate it right side up, the blades still pointing to the front.
Connect the windmill to the main piece by placing its bottom from the front to the two side studs sticking
up of the light bluish gray 1x2 bracket in the back left corner area.
37. Place a dark bluish gray 1x1 slope on top of a reddish brown 1x1 brick, slope to the back. Apply
sticker number 4 to the front of the brick. The sticker shows a wooden door with a heart shaped hole in it.
You just built a small wooden outside toilet. Place it in front and right of the windmill, touching corners,
and rotate it diagonally so the slope is to the back left and the door points to the front right.
38. Locate a tan 1x3x3 arch and orient it horizontally, the base of the arch to the left. Place a sand green
1x3 plate horizontally onto the right two studs of the arch overhanging one stud to the right. This part
extends the eucalyptus tree in the back right corner. Place the base of the arch onto the leftmost stud of
the horizontal sand green 1x3 plate that’s currently on top of the eucalyptus tree base, the arch extending
to the right.
39. Build another part of the eucalyptus tree in three substeps.
39.1 Locate a tan 1x3x3 arch and orient it horizontally, the base of the arch to the right. Place a sand
green 1x3 plate horizontally onto the left two studs of the arch overhanging one stud to the left.
39.2 Locate a light bluish gray 2x2-1x2 centered bracket and put it onto the two rightmost studs of the
previous piece, 2x2 anti-studs to the back.
39.3 Do not place the piece you just built onto the main piece yet, but place the base of the arch onto the
rightmost stud of a separate horizontal sand green 1x3 plate.
Place the rightmost stud of the piece you just built to the left of the eucalyptus tree piece you placed in
step 38, arch extending and plate overhanging to the left.
40. Locate a tan 1x3x3 arch and orient it vertically, the base of the arch to the back. Place a tan 1x1 plate
onto the single stud in the back of the arch. Place the piece you just built in front of the base of the arch
you placed in the previous step, arch extending to the front.
41. Locate a light bluish gray 1x2 plate and orient it vertically. Place a tan 1x1 plate onto its back stud.
Place the piece you just built to connect the back stud of the arch from the previous step to the right stud
of the arch from step 39 which is located behind.
42. Place a light bluish gray 1x2 plate horizontally in the back row, connecting the 1x1 plate from the
previous step to the arch to its right.
43. In this step you’ll connect the base of the postcard (the piece you just built) to the background of the
postcard that you built earlier. To do so, orient the background so that the row with studs is at the front
and the plane is in the back left (so rotated by 180° in relation to when you built the background). The
base of the postcard should be oriented as when you built it, the windmill to the left and the eucalyptus
tree to the right. Flip the base of the postcard onto its back and place it like that onto the background of
the postcard, flush at the left, bottom, and right. The two bracket pieces which were built into the
eucalyptus tree should fit exactly into the two un-tiled 2x2 “holes” in the background of the postcard.
44. Flip the combined piece right side up, so that the windmill is to the left and the eucalyptus tree is at
the right. The small flying plane attached to the background of the postcard should be in the top left
corner. Locate three sand green 1x1 round plant bricks with three leaves each. Place one of them on the
leftmost stud of the plate that protrudes from the eucalyptus tree to the left at about mid-height. Place
another one of them on the rightmost stud of the plate that protrudes from the tree to the right slightly
further up. Place the third one on the right stud of the bracket piece at the top left of the tree.
Open group 9 which contains the pieces for steps 45-54.
45. Locate three sand green 1x1 round plant bricks with three leaves each as well as three tan bars with
three prongs. Stick one of the bars, bar first into the top of each of the round plant bricks. The pieces you
just built will also be added to the eucalyptus tree. Place one of them to the left of the previous piece,
skipping one stud, at the very left of the top of the tree. Place another one on the second stud from the
right at the top of the tree, so in the middle of the sand green 1x3 plate. Place the third one on the
frontmost stud of the plate that protrudes from the eucalyptus tree to the front at about mid-height.
Subbuild - Cockatoo (6 steps)
46. Locate a dark bluish gray 1x1 plate modified with a clip (vertical grip) and orient it so the clip is at the
left. Place a white 1x1 plate modified with a tooth, tooth to the right, on top of it.
47. Locate a white 1x1 brick modified with studs on two opposite sides. Place it on top of the previous
piece, side studs to the front and back.
48. Locate two white 1x1 plate modifieds with a tooth. These will be the wings of the cockatoo. Place one
of them from the front to the brick modified from the previous step, tooth pointing down. Place the other
one from the back to the brick modified from the previous step, tooth pointing right.
49. Locate a white 1x1-1x1 bracket and place it onto the brick modified from step 47, side stud to the left.
50. Place a dark bluish gray 1x1 slope from the left to the bracket from the previous step, slope to the
bottom. Place a white 1x1 plate on top of the bracket from the previous step.
51. Locate a bright light yellow 1x2 curved slope and orient it so that the slope is left. Place it onto the 1x1
plate from the previous step, overhanging to the right.
52. You have finished the cockatoo and will move it onto the eucalyptus tree, next. Place it onto the
frontmost stud of the arch protruding to the front almost at the top of the tree. The cockatoo should be
oriented the same as when you built it, with the clip pointing to the left.
53. Locate a yellow 2x2 tile and apply sticker number 2 to it. The sticker shows a jumping kangaroo and
together this will be the street sign warning of kangaroos. Flip the tile upright, smooth side to the front and
rotate it by 45°, so that the corners point to the left, top, right, and bottom. Place it from the front to the
street sign post at the very front right corner of the base.
54. Locate a white 2x6 tile and apply sticker number 1 to it. The sticker shows a wooden board with the
word “AUSTRALIA” in capital letters and dark green eucalyptus leaves at its sides. Place the tile
horizontally from the front to the six studs in the bottom center of the base of the postcard, overhanging to
the top.
Congrats, you have finished building the Australia Postcard.
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
At the end of the instruction booklets there are no advertisements for other sets.
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!