75576 Avatar Skimwing Adventure
Instructions adapted by Lev Smolsky
Avatar fans will adore this age 8+ LEGO® Avatar Skimwing Adventure (75576) set. Kids and
moviegoers can relive favorite movie moments or create their own scenes and storylines with the
posable skimwing figure, Tonowari and Jake Sully minifigures and alien coral reef setting. Great for play
and display? LEGO Avatar sets feature iconic vehicles, machines, animals, creatures and characters in
alien nature-themed settings. Collect and combine LEGO Avatar sets to extend the play possibilities or
build your own version of Pandora.
What's in the box?
- Includes all you need to create a posable Skimwing figure, Tonowari and Jake Sully minifigures, a
Pandoran coral-reef setting and a display stand to recreate scenes from the movie Avatar: The Way of
Water(r)
-Dimensions - The Skimwing (without display stand) measures over 2.5 in. (6 cm) high, 13 in. (33
cm) long and 13 in. (33 cm) wide
- The Skimwing is large, and able to comfortably fit a fully grown Na'vi on its back. Its skin is grey and its
large fins, which partially elevate it out of the water like a Terran flying fish, are orange with dark
markings. Its head also resembles that of a Terran gharial. Although Pandora's low gravity and high air
density allows the skimwing to use its wings to fly in ground effect above the water, its tail remains in the
water to propel it forward. With its powerful tail, the skimwing can travel at up to 50 knots (58 mph / 92
kph) and maintain a cruise speed of 35 knots (40 mph / 65 kph) for hours.
- The front of the box shows Jake Sully riding the Skimwing creature on the surface of the water, with
the very colorful coral reef assemblies below water. Pictures of Tonowari and Jake are also shown on
the box front, along with Tonowari swimming under water.
- The back of the box shows Tonowari riding the Skimwing creature below the surface of the water
beside the coral reef assemblies Jake is right by their side!
- There are 259 pieces in this build, and 70 steps.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we'll be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to back.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front
wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back
wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be
placed symmetrically.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set. online
at LEGO.com for each set: https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/75576. As low vision
users may benefit from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content
and use assistive technologies to enhance the visuals.
Sorting the pieces:
To help building, have a friend sort the pieces into bags, or dishes or containers, so that for each group
of parts, it will be easier to locate the next piece. The parts will be sorted into one or a small number of
steps of the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in steps 1, 2 and 3, and
put them in one container.
Bag 1 (8 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Parts - Tall Legs, torso, head, hair, tail, two dark brown light sabers, one brown bar, 2
transparent blue spear tips.
First Assembly - Steps 1-4, 5-8
Second Assembly - Steps 1-3, 4-8, 9-12
Third Assembly - Steps 1-9, 10-17
Bag 2 (11 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Parts - Tall Legs, torso, head, hair, tail, brown bow and arrow
First Assembly - Steps 19-26, 27-32, 33-35, 37-43, 44-47, 48-55, 57-59, 61-66 (two sets), 68-69, 70 (the
orange patterned wings)
Construct the Tonowari Na'vi minifigure using the long avatar legs, tail, torso, head, and hair. Assemble
the staff by locating the three stud long brown bar. Connect a darker brown light saber (hilt) to both ends
of the first bar. Connect two translucent light blue triangular shaped pieces into both ends of the light
sabers and clip the staff into the hand of Tonowari. Tonowari is medium azure blue and wears a "toa
guard," a leather piece worn across his chest, which symbolizes the guarding of the heart to the Na'vi.
Let's build the first coral reef:
1. Locate 4 dark navy blue 3x3 triangular plates.
2. Arrange them in an octagon shape lying flat on the table. The right angles of each of the triangles will
meet in the center of the octagon.
3. Locate the light purple 4x4 round plate. Place it in the center of the octagon turning it until it fits in
place in the center. You will need to hold the 3x3 triangle plates together while you fit the round one on
them.
4. Locate a sand green 1x2 sloped brick and place it horizontally in the back row of the 4x4 plate
centered, with the sloped part pointing to the right.
5. Locate two light blue 2x2 triangular plates. Place them side by side, in the middle two rows of the 4x4
plate, so that the left 2x2's 90-degree angle points to the back right, (the studs on it should form the
braille letter D) and the right 2x2's 90 degree angle points to the front left, the studs on it form the Braille
letter H. Place both directly in front of the 1x2 placed in the previous step.
6. Locate a sand green 1x2 rounded plate and place it horizontally, centered, onto the second row from
the back, onto the two previous pieces' back inside studs. Locate a pink 1x1 rounded flower plate and
place it one stud to the right and one stud to the front of the previous piece's right stud, onto the right
blue triangular 2x2's front right stud.
7. Locate a large pink coral piece and insert it into the right stud of the 2x1 round plate placed in the
previous step. Then insert a transparent 1x1 round plate with a curved bar under it into the coral, with
the bar under the plate inserting in the topmost coral branch's top. 
8. Locate a white/very light blue 1x1 sloped curved, tile and place it vertically onto the left stud of the 1x2
rounded plate, sloping down from it and onto the frontmost stud of the left 2x2 triangular plate. Place a
yellowish green 1x1 round cone brick one stud to the front and one stud to the right of the previous
piece’s front, directly onto the right stud on the front row of the 4x4 round plate.
Set this coral assembly aside.
Next in the instruction book there are two images of Tonowari and Jake Sully swimming under water
through the alien coral reef, along with the sea creatures and fish.
Now we will start building a second coral reef that the big skimwing can perch on.
1. Locate 4 dark navy blue 3x3 triangular plates.
2. Arrange them in an octagon shape lying flat on the table. The right angles of each of the triangles will
meet in the center of the octagon.
3. Locate the light purple 4x4 round plate. Place it in the center of the octagon turning it until it fits in
place in the center. You will need to hold the 3x3 triangle plates together while you fit the round one on
them. Put a light green 1x1 cone brick on the back left stud of the back edge of the assembly. Take two
light blue 2x1 plates and put one vertically on the left edge, and one vertically on the right edge of the
octagon.
4. Place a light blue 2x2 triangular plate onto the back left corner of the 4x4 plate, with the missing
corner pointing to the back and to the left. (Like the braille letter J) Place a bright light blue 1x2x2 sloped
brick vertically directly to the right of the previous piece, sloping to the back.
5. Place a sand green 1x2 sloped brick vertically directly to the left of the previous piece, onto the right
column of the 2x2 triangular plate placed in the last step, sloping to the back. Then place a bright light
blue 1x1 sloped curved tile horizontally, directly to the left of the previous piece's front stud, sloping
down and off the 2x2 plate and onto the 1x2 plate on the left of the assembly. Then place a pink 1x1
round flower plate directly in front of the previous piece's leftmost end, onto the front stud of the leftmost
1x2 plate.
6. Make a part: Locate a dark gray 1x1 brick with a round hole in it. Insert a three-long pin into the left
side of the hole, short end first. Slide the black technic piece with a hole in it and a + shaped one long
axle coming out one end onto the middle section of the three-long technic pin. Slide another 1x1 dark
gray brick onto the end of the three-long technic pin. Place this part onto the previous assembly
horizontally, directly to the right of the previously placed 1x1 flower plate.
7. Locate a sand green 1x2 sloped brick. Place the first one horizontally directly to the right of the
previous pieces onto the 4x4 round plate and the front stud of the right vertical 1x2 plate, sloping to
the right. Place the second one horizontally, directly in front of the pieces placed in the last step, onto
the front row of the 4x4 round plate, centered, sloping to the right.
8. Place a sand blue 2x2 triangular plate onto the dark gray 1x1 brick and the sand green 1x2 slope
brick beside it, with the missing corner pointing to the front right. like the braille letter F. Then place a
pink 1x1 round flower plate to the left of the previous piece's front row. Then place a dark gray 1x2
sloped brick with a stud cutout onto the left 1x1 dark gray brick and onto the pink 1x1 round plate.
9. Locate a sand green 1x2 plate with a vertical clip on the end and place it horizontally to the
right of the little axle end sticking out of the top of the assembly, with the clip pointing to the right. Place
a pink 1x1 round flower plate on the previous piece's right stud. Then place a yellowish green 1x1 round
cone brick onto the right stud of the front row of the entire assembly, 
10. Locate a dark gray 1x1 brick with a round hole in it and insert a two-stud-long black technic pin into
the left side of the hole. Then connect a black, slightly bent axle extender technic piece vertically onto
the left side of the technic pin. Then connect these technic pieces to the main assembly by placing the
1x1 brick onto the left stud of the previously placed 1x2 plate and the axle extender piece onto the top of
the technic axle directly to the left of the left stud of the same 1x2 plate. The axle extender should be
bent slightly to the back.
11. Locate two purple curvy and flexible seaweed pieces. Insert the first one into the hole on top of the
front 1x1 round cone brick. Insert the second one into the front 1x1 round flower plate, one stud behind
and one stud to the left of the cone brick. Then locate and clip in a yellowish green fish brick into the clip
on the right side of the assembly, with the fish pointing to the front. Then place a dark gray 2x1 sloped
brick with a 1x1 cutout onto the topmost 1x1 dark gray brick, sloping to the back onto the top stud of
the light blue 1x2x2 sloped brick.
12. Insert a two long red technic axle into the top of the axle extender piece. Connect another slightly
bent axle extender piece to the previous piece, slightly bending to the back. Then insert another two
long red technic axle into the top of that.
We will now start building the big skimwing itself! We will start from the back section, move towards the
front and end by adding on the wings.
1. Locate a tan 1x3 plate and orient it horizontally. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with a ball on the
end horizontally onto the left two studs of the 1x3 plate, with the ball pointing to the left.
2. Place another tan 1x3 plate, directly to the right of the previous piece, with its right two studs
overhanging to the right.
3. Locate a tan 1x1 brick with one stud on the front and one stud on the back. Place this piece onto the
leftmost stud of the assembly, being the left stud of the dark gray 1x2 plate, with the side studs pointing
to the front and back. Then place a white 1x2 brick with two side studs on its front side and two on its
back side horizontally, to the right of the previous piece, with the side studs pointing forward and
backward.
4. Find a light gray 1x2 brick with a hinge clip on one end and place it horizontally, to the right of the
previous piece, with the hinge clip pointing to the right. Then insert a dark gray technic piece with the
other end of the hinge clip on one side and an axle bush on the other into the hinge clip, pointing to the
right.
5. Place a dark gray 1x6 plate horizontally onto the four previous pieces, overhanging over the hinge clip
on the right and flush with the left side.
6. Place a dark gray 1x4 plate horizontally onto the previous piece's left four studs. Then place a dark
gray 1x1 plate directly to the right of the previous piece.
7. Locate a light blue 1x2 sloped (sloped curved, not just sloped.) tile and place it onto the previous
piece horizontally, sloping off the 1x1 and onto the rightmost stud of the 1x6 plate on the layer beneath
it, flush with the right side, sloping down and to the right. Then place a dark gray 1x1 plate directly to the
left of the previous piece. Then place a light blue 1x1 sloped tile directly to the left of the previous piece,
sloping to the left. Then place another dark gray 1x1 plate directly to the left of the previous piece. Then
place another light blue 1x1 sloped tile directly to the left of the previous piece, sloping to the left. 
8. Locate a light blue 2x2 corner plate and place it onto the side studs on the front left of the assembly,
so that the top stud is connected to the white 1x2's left side stud, and the bottom row is hanging down
from it, leaving the tan side stud exposed to its top left. It will look like the Braille letter J. Then place a
sand blue 2x2 plate directly to the right of the previous piece, hanging down from the right-side stud
from the 1x2, connected to the 2x2's top left corner.
9. Place a sand blue 1x2 tile horizontally onto the previous piece's top left corner and the blue 2x2
corner piece's top stud. Then place a sand blue 1x2 sloped (sloped curved) tile vertically, onto the 2x2's
left stud, sloping back up, onto the exposed tan side stud.
10. Place a tan 1x2 plate with a slope on one side horizontally under the 1x2 horizontally placed tile in
the previous step, with the slope pointing to the left, sloping back left. Then place a sand blue 1x2
sloped (curved) tile horizontally directly to the right of the horizontally placed 1x2 tile in the previous
step, sloping off the top right stud of the 2x2 plate.
11. Locate a tan 1x3 reverse sloped brick with a 1x1 plate cutout and orient it horizontally so that it
slopes to the right. Place a tan 1x1 plate under the 1x3's right end. Place this assembly onto the last
piece placed in the previous step, sloping back and to the right, with the stud directly to the right of the
tan slope placed earlier, and the 1x1 plate directly to the right of the sand blue 2x2 plate's bottom row.
12. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees around its vertical axis. Locate a light blue 2x2 corner plate and
place it onto the side studs on the front right of the assembly, so that the top stud is connected to the
white 1x2's right side stud, and the bottom row is hanging down from it, leaving the tan side stud
exposed to its top right. Then place a sand blue 2x2 plate directly to the left of the previous piece,
hanging down from the left side stud from the 1x2, connected to the 2x2's top right corner.
13. Place a sand blue 1x2 tile horizontally onto the previous piece's top right corner and the blue 2x2
corner piece's top stud. Then place a sand blue 1x2 sloped tile vertically, onto the 2x2's right stud,
sloping back up, onto the exposed tan side stud.
14. Place a tan 1x2 plate with a slope on one side horizontally under the 1x2 horizontally placed tile in
the previous step, with the slope pointing to the right, sloping back right. Then place a sand blue 1x2
sloped curved tile horizontally directly to the left of the horizontally placed 1x2 tile in the previous step,
sloping off the top left stud of the 2x2 plate.
15. Locate a tan 1x3 reverse sloped brick with a 1x1 plate cutout and orient it horizontally so that it
slopes to the left. Place a tan 1x1 plate under the 1x3's left end. Place this assembly onto the last piece
placed in the previous step, sloping back and to the left, with the stud directly to the left of the tan slope
placed earlier, and the 1x1 plate directly to the left of the sand blue 2x2 plate's bottom row.
16. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees around its vertical axis once more, and then flip it upside down, so
that the technic hinge clip piece is pointing to the right. Locate the tan 1x4 upside-down sloped plate and
place it upside down onto the right four tubes of the assembly, sloping down and to the right. Place a tan
1x1 plate upside down directly to the left of the previous piece.
17. Locate a tan 1x2 upside down sloped brick and place it upside down onto the previous piece and the
1x4 sloped plate's leftmost stud, sloping down and to the left.
Let's add the tail to this section:
18. Locate the large sand blue technic rotor blade with axle and pin connector end piece and orient it so
that the axle connector end is pointing to the left and the rotor is pointing right and up. Insert the black
four stud long axle into the axle connector end. Slide a half stud long bushing onto the left end of the
axle, all the way down. Then slide the large sand blue fin piece onto the left end of the axle, all the way
down to the bush, with the fin pointing up and to the right. Then slide another gray half stud long bushing
onto the axle, all the way down. Then connect this fin assembly to the end of the animal by inserting the
end of the axle into the dark gray axle connector with the hinge clip on the right of the other assembly,
with the fin pointing up. Make sure the fin assembly can swing from side to side.
In the instruction book, next there are two images of Tonowari and Jake Sully along with many Na'vi
riding their Skimwing Creatures.
Open bag 2.
Construct the Jake Sully minifigure using the minifigure tall legs, tail, torso, head, and hair. Then clip the
brown crossbow into his hand. Jake is an apprentice clan member and is medium azure blue color and
wearing an undecorated loincloth and vest. As he learned more about the Na'vi culture, however, he
wore bracelets and necklaces to display his ranking.
Now we will build the middle section of the Skimwing's body:
19. Locate a black 2x4 plate with three holes in it. Flip it upside down and orient it horizontally. Place a
tan 2x2 rounded plate upside down centered onto the middle four studs of the 2x4.
20. Flip the assembly back over, but keep it oriented horizontally. Locate two tan 1x2 plates with 2x2
side studs on one side. Place the first one horizontally, with the side studs pointing back, so that its left
stud is under the 2x4's back right stud, with its right stud overhanging to the right. Place the second one
horizontally, with the side studs pointing back, so that its right stud is under the 2x4's back left stud, with
its left stud overhanging to the left.
21. Place a tan 1x2 plate vertically onto the 1x2 placed in the previous step's right stud, so that the new
1x2's front stud is overhanging to the front.
22. Place a dark sand blue 2x2 plate onto the previous piece and onto the rightmost column of the 2x4
plate. Place a gray 2x1 plate with a ball socket vertically onto the right column of the previous
piece, with the ball socket pointing to the right. Then place a tan 1x2 plate vertically directly to the
left of the previous piece.
23. Locate two dark gray 1x1 bricks with a pin hole in each of them. Place them one in front of the other
vertically, directly to the left of the previous piece, so that the pin holes are pointing forward and
backward. Insert a black technic pin with a clip hinge on one end into each of the two holes, with the clip
hinges rotated vertically.
24. Place a dark gray 2x2 brick with a big circular hinge end joint on one end directly to the left of the
two 1x1s, with the hinge joint pointing left. Then locate the other end of the joint, with a technic pin on
one side, and clip it to the 2x2, with the pin also pointing left. When connected you will hear a "click".
25. Locate two more tan 2x1 plates with four side studs one the front of each one. Place them
horizontally under the 2x4, both directly in front of their corresponding identical 2x1, placed in step 20,
with the side studs pointing forward.
26. Place a sand blue 2x2 plate over the rightmost four studs of the assembly, over the gray and tan 1x2
plates. 
27. Locate two dark gray 1x1 plates with a side stud in front of them. Place them one in front of the
other, vertically, onto the right column of the previous piece, with the side stud of the back one pointing
back, and the side stud of the front one pointing forward. Locate four dark gray 1x2 plates each with two
side studs in front of them. Orient them in a horizontal 2x4 plate shape, with two rows of side studs, one
in the back, pointing backwards, and one in front, with the side studs pointing forwards, each containing
four side studs. Place these pieces onto the top of the main assembly, horizontally, directly to the left of
the previous two pieces.
28. Place a sand blue 2x2 plate onto the rightmost four studs of the top of the assembly. Place a sand
blue 2x4 plate horizontally, directly to the left of the previous piece.
29. Locate six medium azure blue 1x2 tiles with one stud and place them all side by side, vertically, onto
the two previous pieces, covering up all their studs.
30. Locate and place a dark gray 1x4 plate horizontally onto the rightmost four studs of the previous
pieces. Place a dark gray 1x1 plate directly to the left of the previous piece.
31. Place a bright light blue 1x2 sloped curved tile horizontally onto the previous piece, sloping down
from it and to the left onto the stud to the previous piece's left, sloping down and to the left. Place a dark
gray 1x1 plate directly to the right of the previous piece. Place a bright light blue 1x1 sloped tile directly
to the right of the previous piece, sloping to the left. Place another dark gray 1x1 plate directly to the
right of the previous piece. Place another bright light blue 1x1 sloped tile directly to the right of the
previous piece, sloping down the left.
32. Locate two tan 2x1 sloped tiles and place them horizontally onto the lowest four studs of side studs
at the front of the assembly, sloping down. Locate a sand blue 1x1 sloped tile and place it centered
onto the top row of side studs, sloping back up, placed directly above the black technic pin.
33. Locate a sand blue 1x3 plate and a sand blue 1x2 plate. Place the 1x3 horizontally on the table. Put
a sand blue sloped curved tile horizontally on the right two studs of the 1x3 plate, slope to the front.
Take a sand blue 1x2 sloped curved tile and put it horizontally to the left of the previous piece, on the
3x1's leftmost stud, sloping to the front. Put this part onto the side studs to the left of the technic pin,
horizontally. Make a part: Put a sand blue 2x1 plate horizontally on the table, put a 2x2 sloped curved
tile horizontally on top sloping to the front. Put this part horizontally onto the side studs to the right of the
technic pin.
34. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees around its vertical axis. Locate two tan 2x1 sloped tiles and place
them horizontally onto the lowest four studs of side studs at the front of the assembly, sloping back
down. Locate a sand blue 1x1 sloped tile and place it centered onto the top row of side studs, sloping
back up, placed directly above the black technic pin.
35. Locate a sand blue 1x3 plate and a sand blue 1x2 plate. Place the 1x3 horizontally on the table. Put
a sand blue sloped curved tile horizontally on the right two studs of the 1x3 plate, slope to the front.
Take a sand blue 1x2 sloped curved tile and put it horizontally to the left of the previous piece, on the
3x1's leftmost stud, sloping to the front. Put this part onto the side studs to the left of the technic pin,
horizontally. Make a part: Put a sand blue 2x1 plate horizontally on the table, put a 2x2 sloped curved
tile horizontally on top sloping to the front. Put this part horizontally onto the side studs to the right of the
technic pin.
We will now join this new section up to the tail section you have completed:
36. Connect this assembly to the previous assembly by clipping them together using the ball joint and
the ball socket. 
Now we will build the front section of the Skimwing body:
37. Locate a tan 1x2 plate with four side studs behind it and orient it horizontally so that the side studs
are pointing backwards. Place a tan 1x2 grille tile vertically so that it's back goes onto the previous
piece's right stud with its front overhanging.
38. Locate another tan 1x2 plate with four side studs in front of it. Place it horizontally directly in front of
the other 1x2 plate, so that the tan grille tile goes onto this piece's right stud, with the side studs pointing
forward.
39. Place a sand blue 2x4 plate horizontally directly to the left of the tan 1x2 tile.
40. Locate two more of the same tan 1x2 plates with four side studs each and place them both
horizontally, centered, under the middle four studs of the previous piece, one behind the other, directly
to the left of the other two 1x2 tan plates, with the front one's side studs pointing forward and the back
one's side studs pointing backwards.
41. Locate two tan 1x2 plates each with a hinge bar in front of them and place them both horizontally,
under the right column of the 2x4, one behind the other, with the front one's bar studs pointing forward
and the back one's bar pointing backwards. Rotate your structure 180 degrees so that the bars are at
the left, and the vertical tan 1x2 grate is at the right.
42. Place a dark gray 2x2 brick with a large round pin hole onto the right four studs of the 2x4 plate, with
the large round end pointing right. Place a turquoise 1x2 palisade brick vertically directly to the left of the
previous piece.
43. Locate two dark gray 1x1 bricks with a pin hole in each of them. Place them one in front of the other
vertically, directly to the left of the previous piece, so that the pin holes are pointing forward and
backward, onto the left two studs of the 2x4. Insert a black technic pin with a clip hinge on one end into
each of the two holes, with the clip hinges rotated vertically.
44. Locate four dark gray 1x2 plates each with two side studs in front of them. Orient them in a
horizontal 2x4 plate shape, with two rows of side studs, one in the back, pointing backwards, and one in
front, with the side studs pointing forwards, each containing four side studs. Place these pieces on top of
the main assembly, horizontally, directly onto the six previous pieces.
45. Locate a sand blue 1x2 plate and place it vertically onto the leftmost two studs of the four previous
pieces. Place a sand blue 2x4 plate horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece.
46. Make a part: take a tan 1x2 plate and put it vertically on the table. Put a light grey 1x2 plate with ball
socket joint vertically on top joint to the left. Put a tan 2x1 plate vertically on top of the previous piece.
Put two light blue 1x1 plates with angled 1x1 side studs horizontally on top, one plate to the front and
the other to the back. Put this part onto the leftmost two studs of the assembly, onto the left studs of the
two leftmost 1x2 tan plates. Place a sand blue 1x2 plate vertically
directly onto the previous piece.
47. Locate a light bright orange 2x2 sloped curved tile and place it onto the leftmost four studs of the
assembly, sloping down and left, from one sand blue 1x2 plate to another. 
48. Locate an orange 1x2 plate and orient it vertically. Then locate two orange 1x1 plates, each with a
horizontal clip pointing out of them. Place the first 1x1 onto the back stud of the 1x2 with the clip pointing
back and place the second 1x1 onto the front stud of the 1x2, with the clip pointing forward. Then locate
a light bright orange 2x2 tile with two side studs sticking out on top of it, pointing to the right. Flip this
piece over so that the 2x2 surface's tubes are pointing to the left, and the 1x2 side part is normally
oriented with the studs pointing up. Place this onto the previous three pieces so that the 1x2 section of
the previous piece places onto the two 1x1s, and the 2x2 section's tubes are still pointing left. Flip this
assembly over so that the 2x2 surface is oriented normally and the two studs are pointing left. Place this
assembly on top of the previous assembly, directly to the right of the previous piece, so that the two
studs are still pointing left.
49. Place a sand blue 2x2 plate directly to the right of the previous pieces. Place an orange 1x2 plate
vertically onto the previous piece's left column. Place an orange 2x2 sloped curved tile onto the previous
piece, sloping to the right, onto the 2x2.
50. Flip the entire assembly over so that it is upside down. The ball socket should still be pointing
left. Place a tan 2x2 round reverse tile onto the assembly, so that there is one column of tubes to its left
and three columns of tubes to its right.
51. Flip the assembly right-side-up. Locate two tan 1x2 sloped tiles and place them both horizontally
side by side onto the bottom row of the side studs on the front of the assembly, sloping towards the
bottom, wide end to the top. Place a sand blue 2x2 corner tile with cut-off corner onto the left two side
studs on the front of the assembly, so that it wraps around the black technic pin cut-off corner to the top
left.
52. Place a gray 1x4 plate onto the four side studs on the front of the assembly directly above the two
1x2 sloped tiles placed in the last step. Locate two sand blue 2x2 sloped curved tiles and place them
side by side onto the previous piece, sloping up and onto the three side studs above the 1x4 plate.
53. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees so that the side studs that were on the back are now in front.
Locate two tan 1x2 sloped tiles and place them both horizontally side by side onto the bottom row of the
side studs on the front of the assembly, sloping to the bottom wide end to the top. Place a sand blue 2x2
corner tile with cut-off corner onto the right two side studs on the front of the assembly, so that it wraps
around the black technic pin, cut-off corner to the top right.
54. Place a gray 1x4 plate onto the four side studs on the front of the assembly directly above the two
1x2 sloped tiles placed in the last step. Locate two sand blue 2x2 sloped curved tiles and place them
side by side onto the previous piece, sloping back up and onto the three side studs above the 1x4 plate.
55. Rotate the assembly back to how it was before, with the ball socket pointing back to the left. Locate
the two bright light-yellow flag pieces with clips. Clip the first one onto the tan bar at the front bottom left
of the assembly, so that it points down and to the left and front, cutoff angle to the left. Clip the second
one onto the tan bar at the back bottom left of the assembly, so that it points down and to the left and
back cut-off corner to the left. Locate two dark gray 1x1 rounded plates with a bar clip attached. Then
locate two dark gray 1x1 sloped curved tiles with cut-off corner. Orient the first 1x1 plate so that the bar
points to the back. Place the tile onto the stud so that it slopes forward. Connect this to the main
structure by clipping the bar to the orange clip in the front top middle clip on the main structure. The
pointy part of the slope to the front right. Orient the second 1x1 plate so that the bar points forward.
Place the tile onto the stud so that it slopes to the back, point to the back right. Connect this to the main
structure by clipping the bar to the orange clip in the back top middle clip on the main structure. The
sloped piece should slope back, point to the back right.
Now connect this new front section to the 2 completed body sections.
56. Connect this to the main structure by snapping the pin in the end of the last assembly into the hole in
the right of the previous assembly. When connected you will hear a "click".
Now let's build the head!
57. Locate the big blue and tan skimwing head piece and snap the tan and orange mouthpiece into
position. Orient it so that the face points left.
58. Snap a black ball joint technic pin piece into the hole in the right side of the head.
59. Locate the two stringy rubbery dark gray pieces and insert their ends into the two small holes on the
right side of the head. The other ends should end up pointing up naturally.
Join the head to the body!
60. Connect the head to the rest of the animal by snapping the round ball joint in the right side of the
head into the ball joint socket on the left of the rest of the animal.
This next part is a little tricky, we will build the wing structure starting with two large wings for the front of
the Skimwing and then two smaller ones towards the tail.
61. You will build 2 of the wings described in steps 61 to 66. Locate a yellow three long technic axle and
insert it into a black technic piece with a snap hinge on its other end. Orient this assembly so that the
axle end points left. The snap hinge should be vertical.
62. Slide two black technic pieces onto the axle each of which are 1/2 stud thick and have two axle
holes in them. They should point back.
63. Insert a two long red axle into the other axle holes of the previous two pieces. Its end should point
left. Slide a black technic elbow piece onto this end of the previous piece. Its end should point slightly
back and left.
64. Slide an orange straight elbow piece onto the left end of the 3 long axles used a few steps ago. This
piece's end should also point to the left its middle hole to the top.
65. Insert a 10 long black technic axle into the previous piece's left end. This piece's end should also
point to the left. Insert a 6 long red technic axle into the black elbow piece's left/back end so that its end
also points back/left.
66. Place two orange technic axle/pinhole pieces, each onto the end of one of the two previous pieces
so that the pinholes are oriented vertically. Repeat steps 61-66.
You will now connect the two large wing structures to the body.
67. Connect these two technic assemblies to the main assembly by snapping them on using their hinged
ends. Orient the first technic assembly by pointing its hinged piece to the back and its other ends
forward and to the right. Snap it on to the main animal by connecting its hinged piece to the already
placed hinged piece on the second section of the animal. Orient the second technic assembly by
pointing its hinged piece to the front and its other ends backwards and to the right. Snap it on to the
main animal by connecting its hinged piece to the already placed hinged piece on the second section of
the animal. 
Build the two small wing structures:
68. Locate a red slight technic elbow piece and orient it so that its ends point to the left and to the back
right respectively. Insert a red technic two long axle into each end of the previous piece. Slide an orange
technic axle connector/pinhole piece onto the right axle of the previous piece, with the pin hole oriented
vertically. Slide a black technic axle connecter/snap hinge piece onto the left technic axle of the
assembly. The hinge should be oriented vertically. Locate another red slight technic elbow piece and
orient it so that its ends point to the left and the back right respectively. Insert a red technic two long axle
into each end of the previous piece. Slide an orange technic axle connector/pinhole piece onto the right
axle of the previous piece, with the pin hole oriented vertically. Slide a black technic axle connecter/snap
hinge piece onto the left technic axle of the assembly. The hinge should be oriented vertically.
Essentially, you have two of the same technic assemblies ready. Connect these two technic assemblies
to the main assembly by snapping them on using their hinged ends. Orient the first technic assembly by
pointing its hinged piece to the back and its other ends forward and to the right. Snap it on to the main
animal by connecting its hinged piece to the already placed hinged piece on the middle section of the
animal. Orient the second technic assembly by pointing its hinged piece to the front and its other ends
backwards and to the right. Snap it on to the main animal by connecting its hinged piece to the already
placed hinged piece on the middle section of the animal.
69. Insert ten black technic pins/ball joints into each of the ten technic pin holes visible from the top of
the assembly, except for the two black elbow technic pieces, the ones in the middle at the right of the
large wings. All the ball joints should be pointing up.
70. Locate the four wings made from a flexible plastic sheet. They are bright orange, blue and black and
have a natural feather pattern. Connect them by sliding the ball joints from the previous step through the
holes in the "wings". The bigger two "wings" should go in the front, with the rounded edges pointing
right. The smaller two "wings" should go on the back, with the rounded edges pointing right.
You are done! If you like, you can connect the beast to the base by sliding the axle end of the base
through the little axle hole in the bottom of the second to last section of the beast. You can also attach
either of the minifigures to the other base built in the beginning.
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!
At the end of the LEGO instruction booklet, there are advertisements for these 9 Avatar Sets:
75571 - Neytiri & Thanator vs. AMP Suit Quaritch
75572 - Jake & Neytiri's First Banshee Flight
75573 - Floating Mountains: Site 26 & RDA Samson
75574 - Toruk Makto & Tree of Souls
75575 - Ilu Discovery
75576 - Skimwing Adventure
75577 - Mako Submarine
75578 - Metkayina Reef Home
75579 - Payakan the Tulkun & Crabsuit 