76264 Batmobile™ Pursuit: Batman™ vs. The Joker™, LEGO® DC
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
LEGO® DC Batmobile™ Pursuit: Batman™ vs. The Joker™ (76264) puts Super Hero adventures into the
hands of kids aged 4 and up.
A great start for young superheroes
This LEGO 4+ set introduces youngsters to creative construction and endless imaginative fun with 2 of
the most iconic comic-book characters: Batman and The Joker. Accessories, including The Joker’s stolen
money and Batman’s cape, helmet and Batarang™, help inspire imaginative role play. A Starter Brick car
chassis helps kids build the Batmobile ‘by myself’. A colorful picture-story serves as a build-and-play
guide, and for added digital fun builders can zoom in, rotate sets in 3D and track their progress using the
fun, intuitive LEGO Builder app.
Family fun:
- 4+ sets are the perfect way for adults to share the building fun with youngsters, whether they are a
seasoned LEGO fan or are experiencing LEGO bricks for the first time.
Batman™ action for ages 4 and up:
- LEGO® DC Batmobile™ Pursuit: Batman vs. The Joker™ (76264) is designed to boost the imagination,
dexterity and building confidence of kids aged 4+.
Iconic characters:
- Includes Batman™ and The Joker™ and a buildable Batmobile™ with a large Starter Brick chassis so
the build-and-play fun can start right away.
Super Hero car chase:
- The Joker™ has stolen some money and kids must help Batman™ bring the Super Villain to justice with
a little help from the Batmobile™.
Gift for kids aged 4+:
- This birthday, holiday or any-day treat is designed specially to support and strengthen the essential
developmental skills of your young superhero.
Big enough for epic adventures:
- The Batmobile™ measures over 2 in. (6 cm) high, 6.5 in. (17 cm) long and 2.5 in. (7 cm) wide.
Inspire young minds:
- LEGO® 4+ sets introduce children to a wide universe of movie favorites, TV characters and everyday
heroes.
The box is black. The front of the box shows the Joker running away from Batman in the Batmobile. The
joker wears a purple suit, with an orange flower on the lapel. He’s wearing white makeup on his face, and
his lips are bright red, while his hair is green. He carries a $100 bill. Batman drives a long black car, with
an open top and two fins shaped like bat wings on the back. The car has a yellow oval with a bat logo on
the front. Batman is throwing a batarang at the Joker!
The top of the box shows a life sized image of the Joker minifigure.
The back of the box shows the contents of the box, including the two minifigures, batarang, money tile,
and Batmobile. One inset shows the general assembly of the car, highlighting that it uses large pieces to
go together easily. Another inset shows the back of the Batmobile, where flames come out the back, just
like in the TV show!
The build is 54 pieces, and 27 building steps.
Welcome to text-based instructions from Bricks for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up horizontally (left to right/side to side).
- Column: studs lined up upright or vertically (top to bottom/back to front).
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/76264) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with one unlabeled bag, some larger loose pieces, a small box containing
Batman’s cloth cape, and an instruction booklet. Sort the pieces into groups as described below. Note
that where there are multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split across two groups
to make telling the difference easier for the builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose
something. Set these into their own group away from the rest, in case you need them later.
A note for helpers: this set does not have numbered steps. I’ll use the page numbers to identify which
pieces go in which groups for sorting! I’ll make numbered steps in the instructions, with the corresponding
page in parenthesis.
Bag 1 (4 groups of bricks)
Minifigure group 1 contains the pieces to build the Batman minifigure and his batarang from pages 6 & 7.
Minifigure group 2 contains the pieces to build the Joker minifigure and the 1x2 tile with the money print
from pages 8 & 9.
Main build:
Group 1 contains the pieces for pages 10-25.
Group 2 contains the pieces for pages 26-53.
Building Instructions:
Open minifigure group 1.
Assemble the Batman minifigure by placing the torso on the legs, and then placing the cloth cape over
the neck stud on the torso, then placing the head over the cape. Finally, place the mask on top of the
head. Batman can hold the batarang in either of his hands!
Open minifigure group 2.
Assemble the Joker minifigure by placing the torso on the legs and placing the head on top. Then put the
green hairpiece on top of his head. The Joker can hold the 1x2 tile with a money print in his hand.
Open group 1.
1. (Pages 10 & 11) Place a black 6x16x2 vehicle base, horizontally long, in front of you. This piece has a
4 x 14 rectangle of recessed studs on the top.
2. (Pages 12 & 13) Place a dark gray 2x4 brick, vertically long and centered vertically and horizontally, on
the previous piece.
3. (Pages 12 & 13) Place a yellow 1x6 brick, horizontally long, to the left of the front row of studs from the
previous piece. Place another symmetrically at the back.
4. (Pages 14 & 15) Place a red 2x2 brick, centered vertically, on the second and third columns from the
right end of the car. It should touch the raised edge of the base on the right.
5. (Pages 14 & 15) Place a dark gray 1x3 brick, horizontally long, in front of the previous piece, extending
one stud to the left of the previous piece. Place another symmetrically at the back.
6. (Pages 16 & 17) Place a dark gray 2x2 circular tile with a single stud, centered vertically and
horizontally, on the 2x6 rectangle of side studs on the right side of the car.
7. (Pages 16 & 17) Place a transparent red 1x2 tile, horizontally long, in front of the previous piece on the
top row of side studs. Place another symmetrically at the back.
8. (Pages 18 & 19) Push the bar of a transparent orange flame piece into the hollow stud of the circular
2x2 tile from step 6.
9. (Pages 20 & 21) Place a transparent orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the front column of side studs
on the left end of the car. Place another symmetrically on the left side of the car.
10. (Pages 22 & 23) Place a dark gray 2x2 ribbed circular brick on the side studs on the left side of the
car, behind the front piece from the previous step. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
11. (Pages 24 & 25) Place a yellow 2x2 circular tile with a printed bat logo, centered vertically on the car,
on the pieces from the previous step.
12. (Pages 24 & 25) Place a black 1x2 slope tile, with the thick side at the back, on the front transparent
orange 1x2 plate on the left side studs of the car. Place another symmetrically at the back.
Open group 2.
13. (Pages 26 & 27) Place a brown 2x2 slope brick, with the slope at the left and centered vertically, on
the fourth and fifth columns from the right end of the car. It should touch a 2x2 brick on its right side.
14. (Pages 28 & 29) Place a brown 2x2 circular plate on the previous piece so it extends one column to
the right.
15. (Pages 30 & 31) Place a black 4x4 triple curved wedge, with the studs at the left, on the previous
piece. It should extend all the way to the right end of the car.
16. (Pages 32 & 33) Place a black 1x4 tail shaped like a bat wing, with the pointy end at the right, in front
of the previous piece. Its right end should be even with the right end of the build. Place another
symmetrically at the back.
17. (Pages 34 & 35) Place a black 1x2 grille slope tile, with the thick side at the right, to the left of the
front piece from the previous step. Place another symmetrically at the back.
18. (Pages 34 & 35) Place a black 1x2 tile, horizontally long, to the left of the front piece from the previous
step. Place another symmetrically at the back.
19. (Pages 36 & 37) Place a black 1x8 tile, horizontally long, to the left of the front piece from the previous
step. Place another symmetrically at the back.
20. (Pages 38 & 39) Place a light gray 1x2 slope tile with a dashboard print, with the thick side at the left
and centered vertically, on the ninth column from the left on the car. It should be on the right column of a
vertically long 2x4 brick.
21. (Pages 40 & 41) Place a clear 2x4 curved windscreen, vertically long with slope at the left, on the 2x4
brick under the previous piece.
22. (Pages 42 & 43) Place a black 4x4 triple curved wedge, with the studs at the left and centered
vertically, to the left of the previous piece.
23. (Pages 44 & 45) Place another black 4x4 triple curved wedge, with the studs at the right and centered
vertically, to the left of the previous piece.
24. (Pages 46 & 47) Place a dark gray 1x2 grille tile, horizontally long, on the middle two side studs on
the front of the car. Rotate the car 180 degrees so the fins are on the left.
25. (Pages 48 & 49) Place a dark gray 1x2 grille tile, horizontally long, on the middle two side studs on
the front of the car.
26. (Pages 50 & 51) Assemble four tires by putting four rubber tires on four yellow wheel hubs. Note that
each wheel has a spoke pattern on one side, and one hollow side.
27. (Pages 52 & 53) Attach one wheel onto each of the four wheel pins on the car. The spoke pattern of
the wheel should face the outside of the car.
Congratulations! Now the Batmobile Pursuit: Batman vs. The Joker is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
There are no pages of ads after the instructions end.
Visit bricksfortheblind.org for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!