41725 Beach Buggy Fun
Set adapted by Ann Wei and tested by Natalie Charbonneau

Kids aged 4 and up who love to play at the beach can create stories with the LEGO® Friends Beach
Buggy Fun (41725) building set. This toy set helps kids learn to build while they get creative with
characters Liann and Zac. Liann’s energy and enthusiasm make her a great match for outgoing Zac.
Accessories include a food cooler with a banana and an ice cream. The set also comes with a toy beach
buggy and a wave, plus a pug and a dolphin.
Inspiring new builders.
LEGO 4+ sets are designed to give kids a quick and rewarding building experience. They come with a
helpful Starter Brick – a sturdy base on which kids can create fun scenes. Let the LEGO Builder app guide
you and your child on an intuitive building adventure, allowing you to zoom in and rotate models in 3D,
save sets and track progress.
Welcome to the next generation of Heartlake City.
Kids can make friends, discover exciting locations and act out real-life adventures in the LEGO Friends
universe.
Fun at the beach for kids aged 4+ – Introduce kids who love creative stories to the world of LEGO building
and role play with this LEGO Friends Beach Buggy Fun (41725) playset.
2 mini-dolls and accessories – The set comes with LEGO Friends characters Liann and Zac, a pet pug
character, plus a dolphin, a toy beach buggy, a cooler and a wave accessory.
Imaginative role play – This creative LEGO gift lets little builders learn through play as they act out
beachfront adventures with the characters and accessories.
An anytime treat – This LEGO Friends toy set makes a fun birthday, holiday or any-other-day gift for kids
aged 4 and up who love imaginative play.
Sized for young builders – The toy beach buggy with cooler on top measures over 2 in. (5 cm) high, 3.5 in.
(9 cm) long and 1.5 in. (5 cm) wide.
Starter Brick included – This set contains a handy Starter Brick and ‘quick-start’ elements to help kids build
with confidence.
Intuitive instructions – The LEGO Builder app guides you and your child on an intuitive building adventure
with tools that let you zoom in and rotate models in 3D, save sets and track progress.
A new generation of Heartlake City – In January 2023, the LEGO Friends universe expanded to introduce
new characters and new locations to inspire more role-play adventures.

The front of the box shows two images; a main image and a small drawing. The small drawing in the
corner of the box tells us that this set comes with two minifigures from the LEGO Friends series named
Liann and Zac. The main image shows both of the minifigures at the beach! While Liann is riding a LEGO
beach buggy car on sand, Zac is riding a huge wave next to an island and dolphin with his surfboard. The
front of the box also shows a pug at the beach, next to the car, with a dog bowl and a dog bone. Some
other details include a cooler on the back of Liann’s buggy, a tall palm tree on the island next to Zac’s
wave, and drawings of drips, sound, and snowflakes signifying the water splashes, the dog’s barks, and
the buggy’s cooler freezing.
The top of the box shows a closer look at Zac’s minifigure with a blue graphic tee showing a red drawing
and yellow paint splatter, as well as his bright red cargo shorts with big pockets.
The back of the box has three displays; a main photo and two inset pictures along the bottom. The main
image shows a visual itemized list of everything the set comes with including a tan ice cream cone with a
pink scoop, yellow banana, white dog bone, yellow-orange dog bowl, tan and brown pug, blue dolphin,
orange life vest, purple cooler, green surfboard, yellow-orange, blue, and pink car, small tan island/mound
of sand, brown and green palm tree, blue plate of water, transparent blue wave, medium tan girl, and
reddish brown boy.

The first inset view shows Liann and Zac looking down at the pug. Zac is holding the dog bone in one
hand and an ice cream in the other. Liann is pulling a banana out of the open cooler. Pink drips, a pink
puddle, and more snowflakes are also drawn to signify the ice cream is melting and the cooler is meant to
keep the food in there cold.

The second inset picture shows a demonstration or sneak peek at how you will be assembling the beach
buggy car, which is by attaching the windshield, front bumper, wheels, and more.
Last but not least, one side of the box has a scene with doodles. There is a drawn waterslide that the
Liann minifigure is standing on, the Zac minifigure is surfing down, and the dolphin is swimming/sliding
down. Around them all are also doodles of a red crab, pink starfish, and pink sunglasses that are following
the curves of the drawn slide.
The build is 61 pieces, with 2 bags, 2 instruction books.

Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we may be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
- Column: studs lined up from top to bottom or back to front.
Note: count columns left to right, rows back to front, and align the back-left corner stud of the piece (unless
specified back-right) if we specify both the row and column. Example: “Place the 2x2 brick on the plate’s
third row, fourth column” means to align the back-left corner stud of the 2x2 brick onto the plate’s stud that
meets at the third row and fourth column.

For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/41725) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.

Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups/piles, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the pieces
for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set. Number
the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one or a
small number of steps in the instructions. Example: “Steps 1-3” means collect all the parts used in steps 1,
2, and 3, and put them in one group.

This LEGO set comes with two large loose pieces, two bags labeled 1 and 2, two instruction books labeled
1 and 2. Sort the pieces into groups or piles as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors
of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split into two groups to make telling the difference easier for
the builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group
away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Note: there are designs printed onto at least one piece that should be built facing a certain way and their
orientations may not be determined by touch, so ask your helper about the orientations of the designs
(especially for a piece in step 17) and make physical or mental notes of them for later.

Bag 1 with one loose piece:
Group 1 - Pages 6-7 (Liann Minifigure).
Group 2 - Pages 8-9 (Ice Cream)
Group 3 - Pages 10-11 (Cooler and Banana).
Group 4 - Pages 12-35 and 1 loose light blue 4x10 car base (Car).
Group 5 - Pages 36-37 and 1 white 1x4 printed arch/curved tile (Car).
Group 6 - Pages 36-37 and 1 light blue 1x4 curve tile (Car).
Group 7 - Pages 38-45 and the cooler made in steps 10-11 (Car).
Bag 2 with one loose piece:
Group 8 - Pages 4-5 (Minifigure).
Group 9 - Pages 6-7 (Dog and Surf Board).
Group 10 - Pages 8-21 and 1 loose light blue 8x8 curved plate (Water and Wave).
Group 11 - Pages 22-26 (Water and Wave).
Building Instructions:
6-7. Let’s build Liann! Assemble the Liann minifigure by using the white, blue, pink, and orange patternprinted torso with attached arms, blue shorts attached to medium tan legs and green and white shoes,
medium tan head, and half-up, half-down black hair. With the stud of the head facing up and the pointy
chin facing down, place the hole at the bottom of the head onto the neck of the body. Then place the hair
with the bun facing the back and the open space facing the front of the head with a small bump for a nose.
The shoes of the legs should face front and the elbows on the arms of the torso should face back. Now
orient Liann so that she is facing you.
8-9. Let’s make Liann an icecream! Locate one pink icecream scoop and one tan ice cream cone with a
stud on top and a stem at the bottom. Place the scoop on top of the cone’s stud. Then extend one of
Liann’s arms so that it is pointing front, then connect the stem of the cone into Liann’s hand with the ice
cream upright.
10. Let’s make a cooler! Locate one purple 2x4 treasure chest with two side handles and a shortened wall,
and one white 2x4 treasure chest lid with two studs on top and a small side wall. With the lid’s studs and
the chest’s handles all facing up, place the lid on the chest, ensuring to snap the lid’s side wall into the
chest’s shortened wall.
11. Let’s make sure the banana keeps cool! Locate a yellow banana and place it inside the purple and
white cooler.
12-13. Let’s start making the beach buggy! Locate one blue 4x10x2 car base with four arches/tire frames
and orient it horizontally with either side facing the left or right because this piece is fully symmetrical.
14-17. Let’s make sure buggy can roll! Locate four black tires and four white inner wheels with a plus-sign
hole on one side. Insert each inner wheel into each tire. Then insert each plus-sign hole of the wheel into
each peg of the car base.
18-19. Let’s make the rear of the buggy! Locate one blue 1x4 arch/curved piece. Use this to horizontally
cover lower studs on right wall/side of the car.
18-19. Locate one pink 1x4 modified tile with only two studs. Use this to horizontally cover the studs above
the previously placed piece.
20-21. We can’t forget about steering the buggy! Locate one black steering wheel attached to a white 1x2
base/tile. In the 2x6 gap in the car base, use this to cover the first column, ensuring the wheel is facing
right.
22. Let’s finish off the inside of the car! Locate one white 1x2 modified tile with walls on top that make a T
shape. Place this vertically, to the immediate right of the steering wheel piece, ensuring the long wall/top
of the T is facing the steering wheel.
23. Locate one white 2x2 tile and place it to the immediate right of the previously placed piece.
24-25. Locate one white 2x2 brick with two studs and a straight downward slope. Place this to the
immediate right of the previously placed piece with the downward slope facing left and the two vertical
studs facing right.
26-27. Locate two yellow-orange 1x2 bricks with no studs and a rounded side. On top of the car base on
the right, vertically cover the last column with the rounded sides facing right.
28-29. Locate two yellow-orange 1x4 tiles, and one yellow-orange 2x4 modified tile with two studs.
Vertically place the modified tile to the immediate left of the previously placed pieces. Then horizontally
and symmetrically place the tiles to the left of the previously placed piece, on the front and back long
edges of the car.
30-31. Locate three yellow-orange 1x2 bricks. Horizontally put one to the left of each of the previously
placed pieces, then vertically place one in between them, so that it is to the left of the steering wheel.
32-33. Locate two more of the step 12 yellow-orange 1x2 bricks with no studs and a rounded side. To the
left of the previously placed pieces, vertically cover the first column with the rounded sides facing left.
34-35. Let’s make the front bumper of the buggy! Locate one white 2x2 tile. On the left-facing side of the
car, put the piece on the middle 2x2 studs.
36-37. Locate two more 1x4 arches/curved pieces: one blue from group 4 and one white from group 5 with
a printed grill, sea-shell, and headlights. Above the previously placed piece, vertically cover the upper
studs with the white arch and vertically cover the lower studs on the left-facing side with the blue arch.
Ensure that the printed sea-shell design on the white arch is facing upright and the thinner edge of the
printed grill is facing down.
38-39. Let’s build the windshield! Locate a transparent 2x4 panel with a downward slope and two studs on
top. Place it on the top 6 studs on the left of the car with the downward slope facing left.
40-41. Locate two 1x1 pink flowers. Place each on top of the two studs on the previously placed
windshield.
42-44. Let’s make sure Liann doesn’t forget to bring the cooler to the beach! Vertically place the cooler on
top of the right of the buggy with the handles facing front and back, the hinge facing right, and the opening
and key indent of the cooler facing left.
3. Open bag 2. At this point, if there is a sighted helper by your side, they should also move on to
instruction book 2! Note that the instructions begin at page 3 so the step numbers will restart.
4-5. Let’s build Zac! Assemble the Zac minifigure by assembling, from bottom to top, the reddish-brown
legs with red back pockets facing back and feet pointing front. Followed by the blue, red, yellow and
reddish-brown torso with the elbows pointing back. Followed by the orange life vest around the neck and
facing front. Followed by the reddish-brown head, with the stud facing up, chin facing down, and small
bump for a nose facing front. Then top it all off with the spiky hair pointing front.
6-7 Let’s make it so that Zac can ride the waves! Locate one light green surfboard with two studs and a
point. Place the surfboard on your surface with the point facing left, then place Zac’s feet, facing front, on
the two studs.
6-7. Let’s bring the pug to the beach too! Locate one tan dog, one white bone with two bumps on each
end, and one yellow-orange bowl with a stud on the bottom. Orient the dog’s head facing front, place the
bowl in front of the dog, then place the bone in the bowl.
8-9. Let’s make the water! Locate the large loose blue 8x8 plate with a rounded edge. Orient this with the
flat edge facing back and the round edge facing front.
10-15. Let’s make a wave! Locate three blue 1x2 bricks with one stud on top and a downward slope.
Horizontally place the first on the right edge of the first row, with the downward slope facing right. Vertically
place the second one to the left of the previously placed piece with the downward slope facing front. Then
horizontally place the third one to the left of the previously placed piece, on the first row, with the
downward slope facing left. With all three pieces together, there should be horizontal 1x3 studs along the
top.
16-17. Locate one blue 1x2 plate with two hooks on one side. Horizontally place this on top of the last two
previously placed pieces on the first two left studs. Ensure the hooks are facing front.
18-19. Locate one transparent 1x1 stud/plate and one transparent 1x2 stair with a downward slope. Place
these on the previously placed pieces, along the same 1x3 horizontal studs on the wave, with the 1x1 on
the first left stud, and the curved stair on the second and third stud. With the rounded side of the stair
facing up, ensure the higher and thinner step of the stair is facing left and the downward slope is facing
right.
20-21. Locate one larg transparent-blue slide/arch with a handle bar. Vertically connect the handle bar to
the two hooks from step 29, ensuring the downward slope is facing front and the slide is adjusted all the
way down to the water/8x8 rounded plate.
22-23. Let’s build a small island! Locate one tall reddish-brown pole/pipe with a 1x1 brick at the bottom
and a stud on the top. Place this upright in the far back left corner, first column, first row of the 8x8
rounded plate.
22-23. Locate one sand-colored/light-nougat 1x3 brick with a stud and a downward slope. Horizontally
place this in front of the previously placed piece with the downward slope facing right.
24-25. Locate one light green palm tree leaves piece with a hook, 7 spikes, 2 short studs on top, and two
long studs underneath. With the hook facing back and spikes facing front, place the back long stud on top
of the tall reddish brown pole/pipe.
24-25. The pug isn’t the only animal at the beach with Liann and Zac! Locate one light blue dolphin.
Vertically place the tail on the 8x8 rounded plate’s last column, second stud/row from the front. The nose
of the dolphin should face front.
26. Take Zac and the surf board from earlier and vertically place this on the 1x1 stud/plate on the wave
from step 30. The point of the surfboard should face front, Zac should face right, and Zac’s back foot
should align with the 1x1 stud/plate on the wave. Last step! Raise Zac’s back hand as if he is waving at
Liann!
There are no advertisements after the instructions end.
Congratulations! Now the Beach Buggy Fun is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!