43212 Disney Celebration Train
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
Enchant young train fans aged 4+ with a buildable toy everyone will talk about. The LEGO® ǀ Disney:
Disney Celebration Train (43212) set features a station, engine, 3 train floats and 6 LEGO minifigures:
Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Moana, Peter Pan, Tinkerbell and Woody. You and your kids can enjoy an
intuitive building adventure with the LEGO Builder app, which includes zoom and rotate tools so little ones
can visualize the model as they build.
Create, imagine, grow
This 4+ set boosts children’s confidence with a fun play experience, while Starter Bricks give kids a sturdy
base for the build. Each bag has a character, so kids can start the play at any point and finish the set
later.
Fast fun
- The 200-piece set includes an engine and 3 train ‘parade floats’, a station, 6 LEGO minifigures and lots
of story starters. Each bag of bricks contains a character, so play starts fast
Train play
- This set encourages kids who love trains to fully immerse themselves in the build and the fun. Each float
includes functions or hidden features kids can discover as they play
Play and display
- The fully connected train measures over 4.5 in. (12 cm) high, 17 in. (44 cm) long and 2 in. (5 cm) wide
and can be displayed in kids’ bedrooms once they’ve finished playing
The box is a light silver color, with silver LEGO bricks along the bottom. A swish of magical sparkles
wraps around the box, starting on the top panel, continuing over the top right corner of the front panel,
and ending on the right panel of the box. A similar swish is on the back panel. The words “Disney 100”
are printed in the sparkles on every panel.
The front of the box shows the Disney celebration train driving through a green field with hills. The train is
driving to the left, with Mickey Mouse’s engine coming first, followed by Peter Pan’s pirate ship car,
Woody’s western themed car, and then Moana’s Te Fiti car. These characters stand in their individual
train cars, facing the camera. The fairy Tinkerbell flies over the engine, and Minnie Mouse stands next to
a train station on a hill behind the train. Minnie and Mickey hold balloons, while Peter Pan holds a
telescope, Woody holds a guitar, and Moana holds an oar. There is a row of life-size images of the
minifigures included in the box.
The top of the box has a life size image of the Mickey Mouse minifigure, stating that this is the actual size.
The back of the box shows all of the sub-builds included. There is a row of the minifigures in the top left.
All of the accessories included are shown to the right of the minifigures. This includes a cupcake, a cake,
a sheriff star, a guitar, an oar, three balloons (red, purple and yellow), a yellow and pink box with a purple
bow, a barrel, a yellow crab, a telescope, a grappling hook, and a lantern. The train is displayed
disconnected along the bottom. From left to right are the engine, Moana’s train car, Woody’s train car,
Peter Pan’s train car, and the train station. To the right, there is a small image of a train base with pieces
being added on below a banner which reads “Learn to build.” Below this is the back of Moana’s train car,
showing how a yellow box can be hidden in the mountain.
The build is 200 pieces, and 79 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to back.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/43212) As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with five bags labeled 1-5, four black 4x10 train bases, and an instruction booklet
for each bag. Sort the pieces into groups as described below. There is also an unlabeled bag which
contains the large train base pieces and the sail for Peter Pan’s train car. Note that where there are
multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split into two groups making it easier for the
builder to tell the difference! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. If you find any
spares as you sort, set these into their own group away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Note for builders & helpers. This set does not have numbered steps in the instruction booklets! Instead of
a step, the instruction book page numbers will be used for reference.
Bag 1 (2 groups of bricks)
Group 1 contains the pieces to build Mickey Mouse and a red balloon. This covers the steps on pages 6-9
of Book 1.
Group 2 contains the pieces to build the engine of the train. This covers the steps on pages 10-35 of
Book 1.
Bag 2 (3 groups of bricks)
Group 3 contains the pieces to build Tinkerbell and a purple balloon. This covers the steps on pages 4-7
of Book 2.
Group 4 contains the pieces to build Peter Pan and a telescope. This covers the steps on pages 8-9 of
Book 2.
Group 5 contains the pieces to build the Pirate Ship train car. This step covers the steps on pages 10-40
of Book 2.
Bag 3 (3 groups of bricks)
Group 6 contains the pieces to build Woody and his guitar. This covers the steps on pages 4-5 of Book 3.
Group 7 contains the pieces to build the western themed train car. This covers the steps on pages 6-27 of
Book 3.
Group 8 contains the pieces to build the western themed train car. This covers the steps on pages 28-37
of Book 3.
Bag 4 (2 groups of bricks)
Group 9 contains the pieces to build Moana holding an oar. This covers the steps on pages 4-7 of Book
4.
Group 10 contains the pieces to build the pacific island themed train car. This covers the steps on pages
8-13 of Book 4.
Group 11 contains the pieces to build the pacific island themed train car. This covers the steps on pages
14-39 of Book 4.
Bag 5 (2 groups of bricks)
Group 12 contains the pieces to build Minnie Mouse holding a yellow balloon. This covers the steps on
pages 4-7 of Book 5.
Group 13 contains the pieces to build the train station. This covers the steps on pages 8-25 of Book 5.
§
Building Instructions:
Open bag 1.
Sub-build 1 - Mickey Mouse Minifigure
Page 6-7. Assemble Mickey Mouse using the minifigure legs, torso, and head. Mickey wears medium
blue pants, a yellow shirt, and a red tie. Over the shirt he has a medium blue vest, which has a train
engineer’s stopwatch on a chain in the pockets! His head and ears are black, with tan around his eyes,
cheeks, and nose. His nose itself is a little black ball!
Page 8-9. Now, build a red balloon! Find a white 4-long antenna piece and place it in front of you with the
round plate portion down. Place a red 2x2 dome bottom on top of the antenna. Place a red 2x2 dome top
on top of the previous piece. Mickey Mouse can hold the balloon in one of his hands!
Sub-build 2 - Train Engine
Page 10-11. Find a 4x10 black train base and place it in front of you with the long axis oriented
horizontally. Find a red 1x3 brick and place it horizontally on the back right corner of the previous piece.
Page 12-13. Find a black 2x2 plate with a socket joint. A socket joint looks like two small flat squares, one
over the other, hanging over the edge of the piece. Place this in front of the previous piece, with the
socket joint pointing to the right and hanging off the end of the train base. This piece is where the next
train car will hook up to the engine! Now, find a dark blue 1x2 plate. Place this vertically to the left of the
previous piece. Its left end should be even with the left end of the red 1x3 brick from the previous step.
Page 14-15. Find two dark gray 1x3 plates with only two studs. Place these next to each other, on top of
the pieces from the previous step, aligned horizontally. They should completely and evenly cover the
pieces from the previous step.
Page 16-17. Find a red 1x3 brick. Place this in the front right corner, symmetrical to the other red 1x3
brick from the step on page 10-11. Find a red 1x3 plate with a wall. Place this horizontally on top of the
previous piece, with the wall portion at the front. Place another red 1x3 plate symmetrically on top of the
other red 1x3 brick from the step on page 10-11.
Page 18-19. Find a red 1x3 inverted half arch. Place this horizontally on the back of the train base, to the
left of the previous piece, sloping up to the right. Find a red 1x4 tile. Place this horizontally to the left of
the previous piece. Its left edge should be at the left edge of the train base.
Page 20-21. Find a dark gray 1x2 plate with a 1x4 row of studs on one side. Place this vertically in front of
the previous piece, at the far left of the train base, with the 1x4 row of studs hanging off to the left. Place a
dark blue 2x6 brick horizontally to the right of the previous piece, centered vertically on the train base.
Page 22-23. Find a red 1x4 tile. Place this horizontally in the front left corner. Find a red 1x3 inverted half
arch. Place this horizontally on the front of the train base, to the right of the previous piece, sloping up
and to the right. Find a red 1x2 plate with a bar on each end. Place this vertically, centered vertically, at
the far left end. It should be to the left of the 2x6 brick from the previous step.
Page 24-25. Find a dark blue 1x2 plate. Place this vertically on top of the previous piece. Find two silver
1x2 slopes with a grille pattern. Place these on the 1x4 row of studs pointing horizontally at the far left of
the build, sloping up towards the middle so they form a point at the left of the train.
Page 26-27. Find a dark blue 1x2 brick with two studs on one side. Place this on top of the 1x2 plate from
the previous step, with the side studs pointing to the left. Find a dark blue 2x4 brick with Disney logo
printed on the long sides. Place this horizontally to the right of the previous piece. Find a dark blue 2x2
brick. Place this to the right of the previous piece.
Page 28-29. Find three dark blue 2x2 half circle bricks with two studs on top. Place these on top of the
previous three bricks, starting all the way at the left end, and so that the studs on top form a horizontal
row six studs long. Find a red 1x4 wall piece with window cut outs. Place this vertically to the right of the
previous pieces, with the flat side of the wall piece against the far right previous piece.
Page 30-31. Find a black 1x4 tile. Place this vertically on top of the previous piece. Find a silver 1x1 short
cone. Place this on the third stud from the right in the 1x6 row from the previous step. Find a silver 1x1
round plate with a narrow tube instead of a stud on top. Place this to the left of the previous piece,
skipping one stud. There should be one exposed stud on the 1x6 row to the left of this piece. Find a gold
1x2 cone and place this on top of the previous piece with the wide end on top. Find a black 2x2 tile with
Mickey Mouse ears. Place this on the two horizontal facing studs at the far left of the train, with the mouse
ears on top.
Page 32-33. Find four gold wheels. Place one on each of the four pegs on the train base. The engine is
now complete!
Page 34. Now, Mickey can stand in the cab of the engine!
Open Bag 2
Sub-build 3 - TinkerBell Minifigure
Page numbers are for Book 2.
Page 4-5. Assemble the Tinkerbell minifigure by placing the torso on top of the legs, the wings on the
neck bar. Place the head over the wings on the neck and finish the minifigure by placing the hair on top of
the head. Tinkerbell wears a light green sleeveless dress, with uneven, fringed edges. Her hair is blond,
and tied up into a quick bow. Her wings are transparent light blue.
Pages 6-7. Now, build a purple balloon! Find a white 4-long antenna piece and place it in front of you with
the round plate portion down. Place a purple 2x2 dome bottom on top of the antenna. Place a purple 2x2
dome top on top of the previous piece. Tinkerbell can hold the balloon in one of her hands!
Sub-build 4 - Peter Pan Minifigure
Pages 8-9. Assemble the Peter Pan minifigure by placing the torso on top of the legs, the head onto the
neck bar, and the hat on top of the head. Complete the minifigure by placing a black telescope into one of
his hands. Peter Pan wears green pants, and a light green short sleeve shirt, open at the collar. He has a
green pointed hat, with his elf like ears and messy brown hair sticking out from underneath.
Sub-build 5 - Pirate Ship Train Car
Pages 10-11. Find a 4x10 black train base and place it in front of you with the long axis oriented
horizontally. Find a light blue 1x10 plate and place it horizontally along the back row of the train base,
even with the left and right ends.
Page 12-13. Find a black 2x2 plate with a socket joint. A socket joint looks like two small flat squares, one
over the other, hanging over the edge of the piece. Place this at the right end of the train base, centered
vertically, with the socket joint pointing to the right and hanging off the end of the train base. This piece is
where the next train car will hook up to this one! Now, find a medium blue 2x6 tile. Place this horizontally
to the left of the previous piece. Locate a light blue 1x2 tile. Place this vertically to the left of the previous
piece. Find a black 1x2 plate with a long tow ball on one end. The tow ball is a long, triangle extending
horizontally from one side of the plate. It has a small ball at the end of it. Place this with the studs
vertically to the left of the previous piece, with the tow ball pointing to the left. This is what will connect the
train car to another train car, or to the engine!
Page 14-15. Find a light blue 1x10 plate and place it horizontally along the front of the train base, even
with the left and right ends.
Page 16-17. Find a dark brown 1x4 brick with a log profile. Place this vertically on the far right end of the
train car, even with the front and back edges. Find a dark brown 2x4 brick. Place this vertically to the left
of the previous piece.
Page 18-19. Find a dark brown 6x6 ship bow piece. Place this to the left of the previous piece, coming to
a point towards the left. Find a light brown 2x2 inverted slope. Place this to the left of the previous piece,
sloping up to the left, centered vertically.
Page 20-21. Find a tan 4x6 plate with one-side curved and a 2x2 cut out on the other side. Place this with
the right edge even with the right end of the train car, with the curved side to the right. Find two brown 1x3
plates. Place these horizontally to the left of the previous piece, symmetrically at the front and back
edges.
Page 22-23. Find a brown 4x6 triangular plate with a 2x2 cutout on one end. Place this to the left of the
previous pieces, centered vertically, sloping left towards the middle.
Page 24-25. Find a red 2x2 plate with a single stud on top. Place this on top of the previous piece, even
with the left edge and centered vertically. Find another red 2x2 plate with a single stud on top, place
centered vertically, even with the right end of the build. Find two gold 2x2 45 degree wedge tiles with a
1x1 cutout. Place one to the front of the previous piece, sloping away from you to the right. Place the
other symmetrically at the back, sloping towards you to the right.
Page 26-27. Find a light gray 1x2 plate with a socket joint. Place this horizontally on the back row so that
there are two exposed studs between it and the left edge of the previous piece, with the socket joint
pointing towards the front. Find a brown 1x4 curved slope tile. Place this horizontally on top of the
previous piece, so that the cutout on the bottom fits over the previous piece. There should be no exposed
studs in the back row to the left of this piece, and only one to the right of this piece.
Page 28-29. Find a black 12 long bar with a tow ball on one end. Clip the towball into the 1x2 with a
socket joint from the previous step. Now pivot the 12 long bar vertically. This is the ship’s mast!
Page 30-31. Find a black 1x2 plate with a vertical clip on the long side. Place this horizontally on the front
row, even with the light 1x2 socket plate from page 26-27, with the clip at the front. Find a brown 1x4
curved slope tile. Place this horizontally on top of the previous piece, so that the cutout on the bottom fits
over the previous piece. There should be no exposed studs in the front row to the left of this piece, and
only one to the right of this piece.
Page 32-33. Find a silver grappling hook piece. Find the end with a single short bar. Clip this end into the
1x2 clip plate from the previous step, with the grappling hook pointing down on the right side of the clip.
Page 34-35. Find the tan and red cloth sail. The sail has large red stripes painted on it, with a black skull
and crossbones! One of the bones has a hook at one end. This indicates that this is a pirate ship
belonging to the infamous Captain Hook! There are two holes in the sail. Hold the sail so the decorated
portion faces down and the widest part is towards the back. Keep it in this orientation and put the back
hole down over the mast and slide it down a little bit. Now, move the narrow end of the sail up and away
from you so that you can put the front hole over the mast. The sail should gently curve, convex towards
you. Slide the holes down independently to adjust the sail. Find a red wavy flag with a triangular cutout on
one end. Place this over the mast, with the pointy ends to the right.
Page 36-37. Find a transparent yellow 1x1 round brick. Place this on top of the far left exposed stud on
the model. This is on the red 2x2 plate with a single stud from page 24-25. Find a gold lantern body.
Place this on top of the previous piece.
Page 38-39. Find four gold wheels. Place one on each of the four pegs on the train base. The pirate ship
car is now complete!
Page 40. Peter Pan and Tinkerbell can stand in the car! The instructions show Peter Pan standing inside
the middle of the car, next to the mast, while Tinkerbell stands on the single exposed stud on the raised
right portion of the car.
Page 41. Now you can hook the tow ball at the far left into the socket at the right end of the engine.
Open Bag 3
Sub-build 6 - Woody Minifigure
Page numbers are for Book 2.
Page 4-5. Assemble the Woody minifigure by placing the torso on top of the legs, the head onto the neck
bar, and the cowboy hat on top of the head. Complete the minifigure by placing a guitar into one of his
hands. Woody wears blue jeans, with brown cowboy boots over top. He wears a yellow checkered shirt,
with a white and brown cow-print vest. He wears a brown cowboy hat, with his brown hair sticking out
underneath.
Sub-build 7 - The western themed train car
Page 6-7. Find a 4x10 black train base and place it in front of you with the long axis oriented horizontally.
Find a light tan 1x10 plate and place it horizontally along the back row of the train base, even with the left
and right ends.
Page 8-9. Find a black 2x2 plate with a socket joint. A socket joint looks like two small flat squares, one
over the other, hanging over the edge of the piece. Place this at the right end of the train base, centered
vertically, with the socket joint pointing to the right and hanging off the end of the train base. This piece is
where the next train car will hook up to this one! Now, find a red 2x4 plate. Place this horizontally to the
left of the previous piece. Locate a red 2x3 plate. Place this horizontally to the left of the previous piece.
Find a black 1x2 plate with a long tow ball on one end. Place this with the studs vertically to the left of the
previous piece, with the tow ball pointing to the left. This is what will connect the train car to another train
car, or to the engine!
Page 10-11. Find a light tan 1x10 plate and place it horizontally along the front of the train base, even
with the left and right ends.
Page 12-13. Find two light tan 2x3 bricks. Place them horizontally in the back corners, one on the left and
one on the right, even with the ends of the train base.
Page 14-15. Find a light tan 2x2 slope which is two bricks tall. Place this on the left end of the previous
piece, all the way to the left end of the train base, sloping down towards the front. Find a light tan 1x2
slope which is two bricks tall. Place this to the right of the previous piece, sloping down to the front.
Repeat the last two pieces symmetrically on the right-hand 2x3 brick.
Page 16-17. Find a dark tan 2x2 brick. Place this in front of the right-hand 2x3 brick, even with the right
end of the train base. Find a dark tan 2x2 tile with a single stud. Place this in front of the left-hand 2-3
brick, even with the left end of the train base. Find a white 2x2 tile with a vertical peg. Place this centered
horizontally on the train base, and even with the front. There should be two exposed rows of studs to the
left and right of this piece.
Page 18-19. Find two light tan 1x3 bricks. Place these on top of the light tan slope pieces from page 14-
15. They should be even with the back, left and right edges of the train car.
Page 20-21. Find two light blue 1x2 bricks that are two bricks tall. Place these horizontally on top of the
previous pieces, even with the left and right edges of the train car. Find a light tan arch. Place this
horizontally between the two previous pieces. It should form a smooth 4 wide arch all the way down to the
base of the train car.
Page 22-23. Find a tan 1x2 plate with a 1x4 row of studs on one side. Place this on top of the previous
piece, centered horizontally, with the 1x4 row of studs at the front. Find two gold 1x4 tiles with a low
lattice fence on one side. Place these horizontally on either side of the previous piece, with the lattice at
the front.
Page 24-25. Find a tan 2x6 tile with a “SHERIFF” print on it. Place it horizontally in front of you with the
“SHERIFF” printing facing upwards so that you can read the text (you can have your helper help with this
to make sure it’s facing right!). Rotate it 90 degrees around its long axis so that “SHERIFF” is pointing at
you. Keeping it in this orientation, place the bottom row of the 2x6 tiles onto the 1x4 row of studs from
page 23-24, centered horizontally.
Page 26-27. Find a red 4x4 circular brick. Place this on top of the upright peg in the center of the train car,
from page 16-17.
Page 28-29. Find a sand green 2x2 circular brick. Place this in front of you. Find a sand green 2x2
circular brick with spikes on the side. Place this on top of the previous brick. Find a sand green 2x2 dome
brick. Place this on top of the previous piece. Find a pink 1x1 round plate with flower petals. Place this on
top of the previous piece. Now we’ve made a cactus!
Page 30-31. Place the cactus onto the 2x2 brick on the far right of the train car, even with the front and
right edges of the train.
Page 32-33. Find a brown 2x2 barrel. Place the center stud of the barrel on top of the 2x2 tile with a
single stud on the left side of the train car. It should be even with the left and front edges of the train car.
Find a gold 1x1 star plate. Place this inside of the barrel.
Page 34-35. Find four gold wheels. Place one on each of the four pegs on the train base. The western
themed car is now complete!
Page 36-37. Now, place Woody on top of the red 4x4 circular brick. It rotates freely, just like a rotating
stage! Now you can hook the tow ball into the socket of the Pirate Ship Train Car!
Open Bag 4
Sub-build 8 - Moana Minifigure
Page numbers are for Book 4.
Page 4-5. Assemble the Moana minifigure by placing the torso on top of the legs, the head onto the neck
bar, and the hair on top of the head. Complete the minifigure by placing an oar into one of her hands.
Moana wears a tan and yellow skirt with her bare feet sticking out below. She wears a red crop top with a
red sash, and a light blue necklace. She has a slight smirk on her face, and long brown hair.
Page 6-7. Find a bright orange 2x2 box. Place a transparent green 1x1 round tile inside the box. Place a
pink 2x2 tile with a single stud on top of the box. Place a purple 1x1 round plate with flower petals on top
of the previous piece.
Sub-build 9 - Te Fiti Train Car
Page 8-9. Find a 4x10 black train base and place it in front of you with the long axis oriented horizontally.
Find a light tan 1x10 plate and place it horizontally along the back row of the train base, even with the left
and right ends.
Page 10-11. Find a black 2x2 plate with a socket joint. A socket joint looks like two small flat squares, one
over the other, hanging over the edge of the piece. Place this at the right end of the train base, centered
vertically, with the socket joint pointing to the right and hanging off the end of the train base. This piece is
where the next train car will hook up to this one! Now find two very light blue 1x6 plates and place them
next to each other, horizontally next to the previous piece so they form a 2x6 plate. Find a black 1x2 plate
with a long tow ball on one end. Place this with the studs vertically, centered vertically, on the far left row
of studs. This is what will connect the train car to another train car, or to the engine!
Page 12-13. Find a very light blue 2x2 curved slope tile. Place the left stud on top of the previous piece,
sloping down to the right.
Page 14-15. Find a light blue 1x10 plate. Place this horizontally on the front row, even with the left and
right edges of the train base.
Page 16-17. Find two light blue 1x4 bricks. Stack these on top of each other, and place them vertically on
the far right edge of the train base, even with the front and back edges. Find a light green 1x2 brick. Place
this horizontally on the back row, to the left of the previous piece.
Page 18-19. Find a light gray 1x2 slope which is three bricks tall. Place this on top of the previous piece,
sloping down to the right. Find a very light blue 1x2 curved slope brick. Place this vertically, even with the
back edge of the train car, on top of the stack of 1x4 bricks from the previous step, sloping down and to
the right.
Page 20-21. Find a dark gray 2x4 brick shaped like a mountain. Place this on the base to the left of the
slope from the previous step, even with the back edge of the train car, and with the mountain towards the
front.
Page 22-23. Find a light green 1x2 brick. Place this horizontally to the left of the previous piece, even with
the back edge of the train car. Find a light gray 1x2 slope which is three bricks tall. Place this on top of the
previous piece, sloping down to the left.
Page 24-25. Find two very light green 1x1 round bricks with 3 leaves on each. Place these on top of the
tall slopes from the previous step and from page 18-19. Orient the leaves so they point towards the front,
and away from the mountain piece. Find three light green 1x2 tiles with a single stud on top. Place one
horizontally on top of each of the previous pieces, overlapping onto the mountain piece. Place one
horizontally on top of the highest point of the mountain.
Page 26-27. Place a pink 1x1 round plate with flower petals on top of the highest of the previous pieces.
Page 28-29. Find two light blue 1x3 inverted half arches. Place these next to each other, oriented
horizontally, sloping down to the left, on the front two rows of studs. Place them directly to the left of the
1x4 bricks from page 16-17. Find a light blue 2x2 tile with a single stud and place it to the left of the
previous pieces, even with the front edge of the train car. There should be four exposed studs between
this piece and the left edge of the train car.
Page 30-31. Find a white 1x2 plate with two clips on one long side. Place this vertically on top of the half
arches from the previous step with the clips on the left edge. Find a very light blue 2x2 curved slope tile.
Place the left studs on top of the previous piece, sloping down to the right, and even with the front edge of
the train car.
Page 32-33. Find a bright orange crab. Place him on the 2x2 tile with a single stud from the previous step.
Now, find a clear 2x6 windshield with a bar handle. Attach the bar to the 1x2 clip plate from the previous
step so that the studs on the windshield are on top and the windshield slopes down to the left. The
windshield should rotate freely. Rotate it all the way down so the left edge is even with the base of the
model. This represents a waterfall! The crab is hiding under it!
Page 35-36. Find four gold wheels. Place one on each of the four pegs on the train base.
Page 37-38. Turn the model around. Take the box from page 6-7 and place it inside the mountain piece,
which is hollow with two studs inside. The box should overhang from the side of the train car by one row
of studs. The car represents the island of Te Fiti from Moana! The green tile inside the box represents the
Heart of Te Fiti! Now turn the train car around again and have Moana stand on top of the studs on the
waterfall! The Te Fiti / Moana train car is now complete!
Open Bag 5
Sub-build 10 - Minnie Mouse Minifigure
Page 4-5. Assemble the Minnie Mouse minifigure. First, place the round fabric skirt onto the leg studs.
Then place the torso on top of the legs, the head onto the neck bar, and finally the yellow bow on top of
the head. Fold the skirt so it covers her legs like a dress. Minnie Mouse wears yellow shoes, and black
and white pants. She has a red dress with white polka dots. Over top of the dress she wears a pink
jacket. Like Mickey, her head and ears are black, with tan around her eyes, cheeks, and nose. Her nose
itself is a little black ball! Unlike Mickey, she has long black eyelashes!
Page 6-7. Now, build a yellow balloon! Find a white 4-long antenna piece and place it in front of you with
the round plate portion down. Place a yellow 2x2 dome bottom on top of the antenna. Place a yellow 2x2
dome top on top of the previous piece. Minnie Mouse can hold the balloon in one of her hands!
Sub-build 11 - Train Station
Page 8-9. Find a green 8x8 plate with one rounded end. Place this with the rounded end at the front.
Now, place a red 2x8x6 door frame horizontally on the back row of the previous piece, with the bottom tile
of the door at the back.
Page 10-11. Find a tan 2x2 circular brick. Place this directly in front of the previous piece, centered
horizontally. Find a brown 2x4 tile with only two studs on top. Place this horizontally on top of the previous
piece, centered horizontally. This will be the table which holds the cakes!
Page 12-13. Build a cupcake by placing a white 1x1 cone with a swirl pattern on top of a very light blue
1x1 round brick with cupcake liner pattern. Now place this on top of the right hand stud of the table from
the previous step.
Page 14-15. Now build a cake by placing a light blue 2x2 circular plate with frosting drips on top of a white
2x2 circular brick with vertical ribs. Place the center hole of this cake on the left hand stud on the table.
Page 16-17. Place a tan 2x8 plate horizontally on top of the red door frame, even with the edges of the
door frame. Place a dark blue 2x2 slope on top of the previous piece, even with the right edge, sloping
down towards the front. Place a tan 1x2 brick vertically to the left of the previous piece.
Page 18-19. Place a tan 1x2 brick horizontally to the left of the previous piece, on the back row. Find a
white 1x2 brick with two studs on one side. Place this horizontally in front of the previous piece, with the
studs at the front. Place a tan 1x2 brick vertically to the left of the two previous pieces. Place a dark blue
2x2 slope to the left of the previous piece, sloping down towards the front, and even with the left edge of
the door frame.
Page 20-21. Find two dark blue 2x2 slopes. Place one on top of the door frame assembly, to the right of
the previous piece, sloping down to the left. Place the other to the right of the first, sloping down to the
right. The tops of these two slopes should form a 2x2 square of studs. Place a tan 2x2 round tile with a
single stud on top of these studs. Now, place a black 2x2 tile with Mickey Mouse ears onto the side studs
of the white 1x2 brick from page 18-19, with the ears on top!
Page 22-24. Place a gold 1x1 cone on top of the round tile from the previous step. Place a red wavy flag
with a triangular cutout on one end on top of the previous piece. Place a gold harpoon through the hole
on top of the flag with the barbed end pointing up, and push it all the way down.
Now the train station is complete! Minnie Mouse can stand in the station holding her balloon!
Congratulations! Now the Disney Celebration Train is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Book 2 includes two pages of ads after the instructions!
The first page contains two ads, the first is an ad for set number 43216, Princess Enchanted Journey. In
the image, Cinderella walks next to a white horse pulling a gilded blue and white carriage down a road
through lush green fields. A desert with sand dunes rises above the trees in the background. Rapunzel
stands next to a purple and gold hot air balloon, while Jasmine flies overhead in a deep purple magic
carpet with golden tassels! The set also includes a baby elephant, a fountain with fruit and a palm tree, as
well as other items from the Disney stories!
The second ad on the first page is for set number 43210, Moana’s Wayfinding Boat. The image shows
Moana’s boat sailing past the coastline of a jungle island with towering mountain peaks in the
background. An ominous cloud surrounds one of the mountain peaks! Moana stands on the back of the
boat holding an oar while her mother Sina stands at the front. A playful dolphin splashes in the water next
to the boat. The boat has two long hulls which have a platform between them. A shelter is built on top of
the platform, supporting the mast and sails. The boat is bright and colorful, with dark reds, oranges, and
covered in various green leaves and orange flowers.
The second page also contains two ads. The first one is for set number 43214, Twirling Rapunzel. The
image shows a small music box sitting on a table inside a room with purple walls. The wallpaper on the
walls has dark stripes and dark purple crowns! The music box looks like a tower wall, with light purple
columns, arched windows, and walls in tan and brown. Leaves and flowers grow on the wall. Rapunzel
stands on a circular base on top of the music box. A silver key extends from the box, with an arrow
indicating that the key spins, a similar arrow is around Rapunzel, showing that she spins when you turn
the key! Rapunzel has long blond hair and blue eyes. She wears a shiny, hooped purple dress and
carries a purple umbrella over her head like a parachute! A green frog with big eyes watches her from the
top of the table. An inset image shows a purple gem.
The last ad is for set number 43211, Aurora’s Castle. This ad is also shown at the end of instruction book
3. The image shows a white, pink and blue castle in a green field. The castle has two spires with flags, a
blue staircase, a pink slide, and a swing! Aurora and Prince Phillip play in the castle. Aurora has long
blonde hair and wears a flowing pink dress and a golden crown. Prince Phillip has red hair and wears a
tan and green tunic. A dark, ominous cliff overlooks the peaceful castle. A black and purple horned throne
sits atop the cliff. The witch Maleficent observes from the next to her throne. She wears a black and
purple dress, with her hair formed into two black horns. She carries a gold scepter with a green gem set
at the top. This is an ages 4+ set, and it is made from fewer, larger pieces and has an open design to
allow for easier play for young builders.
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!