41738 Dog Rescue Bike
Set adapted by Ann Wei and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
Pet-loving kids aged 6 and up can enjoy endless role-play adventures with this LEGO® Friends Dog
Rescue Bike (41738) building toy set. They can search Heartlake City with scout leader Aliya and younger
friend Victoria to find the missing pup. Kids will love the dog poop and paw mark clues! This cool toy set
includes a dog rescue bike with a removable trailer that opens from the front and the back. There is also a
small park scene with a bench and a bush that lifts to reveal the lost puppy, plus accessories to help kids
find and care for the pooch.
Welcome to the next generation of Heartlake City.
Kids make friends and discover exciting locations in the LEGO Friends universe, where they can enjoy
creative play and act out real-life adventures.
Pet-care role play for kids aged 6+ – Give pet-loving kids a treat with this LEGO Friends Dog Rescue Bike
(41738) trailer playset that lets them build and act out dog rescues time after time.
A set that tells a story – Includes a bike with a removable trailer that opens, plus a park scene with a
bench and a moving bush that lifts to reveal the missing pup.
Accessories and more – Comes with Aliya and Victoria mini-dolls, plus a puppy character and accessories
including food and water for the puppy, binoculars, a helmet, bone, poop, trash can, and poster
Creative play with friends – This fun gift for kids lets little builders act out community search-and-rescue
missions as they find and care for the pet dog.
The bike and trailer set measures over 3 in. (8 cm) high, 5.5 in. (14 cm) long and 1.5 in (4 cm) wide.
The front of the box shows two images: a main image and one small drawing. The main image shows a
blue bike on a brick path with lots of accessories: a pink and yellow bike trailer, green bucket for bike
storage, blue helmet hanging on the bike handle, a dog bone sign, and a flag showing two happy dogs in
a box. On the grass to the left of the brick path, there is a street lamp with a flier with tear-off tabs
displaying a photo of happy dog, a pink garbage can with a shovel, a checkered platform with paw prints,
a dog with a bone, a green bush with yellow-orange flowers, two dog bowls with food and water, and a
child and adult wearing almost the same yellow and blue outfit. There is also a brown poop on the grass
and a white and yellow picnic table with a sandwich in the far distance. The small drawing shows
minifigures’ names: the child is Victoria and the adult is Aliya.
The top of the box shows the Aliya minifigure, which may signify that she is the one running the dog
rescue service.
The side of the box shows Victoria looking at the dog, Aliya holding the bone up to the dog, and a bee
drawing flying around them leaving a windy swirly path.
The back of the box has four pictures; a main image and three inset images along the bottom. The main
image shows how the bike trailer can open so Victoria and the dog can go inside it. It also demonstrates
how the dog bowls can be portable by placing it inside the bucket on the bike, and how you can replace
Aliya’s hair piece with the helmet to make sure she is safe on her ride. In the pink trash can, next to the
shovel, there are drawn green fumes coming out, implying that they are for cleaning up and disposing of
dog poop. There are also doodles of a dog in a heart shape, dog paw prints creating a path, and lightning
bolts coming from the street lamp signifying that there is electricity running through the lamp.
The first inset view demonstrates how the bush can be tilted to reveal the hiding dog and shows Aliya
comparing the happy dog photo on the flier with the dog she found behind the bush.
The second inset photo shows Aliya holding the pink trash can in one hand and the shovel in the other,
getting ready to scoop up dog poop on a checkered platform. 
The last inset display shows how the back of the bike trailer can hold not only the flag but binoculars, and
a dog ramp.
The build is 125 pieces, with 1 bag, 76 pages of instructions.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we may be using:
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
- Column: studs lined up from top to bottom.
Note: count columns left to right, rows back to front, and align the back-left corner stud of the piece (unless
otherwise specified) if we describe both the row and column a piece should be on. Example: “Place the
2x2 brick on the plate’s third row, fourth column” means to align the back-left corner stud of the 2x2 brick
onto the plate’s stud that meets at the third row and fourth column.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com: As low vision
users may benefit from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content
and use assistive technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups/piles, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the pieces
for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set. Number
the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one or a
small number of steps in the instructions. Example: “Steps 1-3” means collect all the parts used in steps 1,
2, and 3, and put them in one group.
This LEGO set comes with one unlabeled bag, instructions, and a sticker sheet. There are 6 instructions to
place a sticker or stickers on steps 22, 24, 54, 56, and 60 in our instructions or on pages 25, 27, 44, 59,
61, and 67 in the LEGO instruction book. If you want to use the sticker(s) for the build, it should be put on
as you or your helper sorts the pieces! Sort the pieces into groups or piles as described below. Note that
where there are multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split into two groups to make
telling the difference easier for the builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something.
Set these into their own group away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Note: there are designs both printed and stuck onto pieces that should be built facing a certain way and
their orientations may not be determined by touch, so ask your helper about the orientations of the designs
on printed pieces or pieces with stickers and make physical or mental notes of them for later.
Bag 1 (11 groups):
Minifigure groups:
Group 1 contains the pieces for page 5 to make the Aliya minifigure.
Group 2 contains the pieces for 7-10 to make the bike.
Group 3 contains the pieces for 11-18 to make a picnic table and sandwich, and 1 brown 1x1 dog pawprinted circular tile for step 19.
Group 4 contains the pieces for 19 to make Victoria and dog bowls.
Group 5 contains the pieces for 20-23 to make grass.
Group 6 contains the pieces for 24-29 to make a checkered platform.
Group 7 contains the pieces for 30-37 to make the bush base.
Group 8 contains the pieces for 38-47 to make the bush leaves and the street lamp.
Group 9 contains the pieces for 48-54 to make part of the bike trailer.
Group 10 contains the pieces for 55-70 to finish the rest of the build!
Group 11 contains extras in case you lose any small pieces.
§
Building Instructions:
Note that the building instructions begin on page 5.
5. Let’s build Aliya! Locate the dark flesh legs with blue shoes and a blue shirt, a yellow and blue torso
with dark flesh arms, a dark flesh head, and a dark brown afro hair. From bottom to top, orient the legs
with the feet facing front, place the torso with the elbows facing back, followed by the head with the small
bump for a nose facing front, chin facing down, and stud facing up, then top it off with the afro, ensuring
the side of the hair with a hole for the face is facing front, leaving the nose centered in between the hair.
7. Locate a blue bike frame and two thin black wheels. Orient the frame horizontally with the handle facing
left. Horizontally insert each wheel on the right and left side of the bike frame, ensuring it clicks into place.
8. Locate one gray 1x2 plate with a bar and one transparent-yellow circular tile. On the left side of the bike
frame under the handle and above the wheel, place the circular tile on the single stud. On top of the right
side of the bike frame, above the wheel, horizontally place the 1x2 plate on the single stud with the barmo
facing right.
9-10. Locate one green bucket with a side hole. With the hole facing back, and the bucket facing front,
place the side hole on the ppp. If you would like, you can take Aliya’s hairpiece off and replace it with the
blue helmet, then put her on the bike!
11-12. Let’s build a picnic table! Locate one green 4x4 plate and two light green 1x2 tiles with a single
stud. Horizontally and symmetrically place each tile on the far back-right and far front-right of the plate’s
horizontal 1x2 studs on columns 3 and 4, rows 1 and 4.
13. Locate two yellow 1x1 bricks with a side hook. Place each brick on top of the two ppps with the hooks
facing away from each other.
14. Locate two yellow 1x2 bricks. Horizontally and symmetrically place them to the left of the ppps.
15. Locate one yellow 1x4 archway piece and one white 2x4 tile. On top of the two previously placed
bricks, vertically place the tile to connect both pieces. Then connect the two hooked bricks by vertically
placing the archway on top.
16. Locate one white 3x4 tile with 1x4 studs. Vertically placed this on top of the previously placed archway
centered horizontally.
17.1. Let’s make a sandwich! Start with the bottom bread and tomato! Locate one tan 1x2 rounded plate
and one red 1x1 circular plate. Orient the 1x2 rounded plate horizontally and place the circular plate on the
right.
17.2. Now for the lettuce! Locate one 1x1 round green plant plate with three leaves. Place this to the left of
the previously placed stud on the rounded plate, with the leaves facing left.
17.3-18. Top off the sandwich with the top bread! Locate two tan 1x2 half circles. With the curve going
from back to front, put them next to each other and on top of the two previously placed lettuce and tomato.
Now vertically place the completed sandwich on the second stud of the tabletop. The picnic table is all
complete!
19.1. Let’s build Victoria! Locate one medium tan child body with yellow shoes and a blue and yellow
dress attached as well as one medium tan head, and one black ponytail hair. From bottom to top, orient
the body with the feet facing front, then on top of the neck, place the head with the small bump for a nose
facing front, chin facing down, and stud facing up, and after, top it off with the ponytail facing back,
ensuring the side of the hair with a hole for the face is facing front, leaving the nose centered in between
the hair.
19.2. Let’s make the dog food and water bowls! Locate one light yellow 1x2 rounded plate and one 1x1
transparent-blue circular tile. With the plate oriented horizontally, place the circle on the right. This is the
water bowl!
19.3. Locate one brown 1x1 circular tile with printed dog food and a paw print. To the left of the previously
placed water tile, place this food tile.
19.4. Now locate the dog and put him by the dog food and water you just prepared!
20. Let’s make a grass floor! Locate one green 1x8 plate and 1 green 2x2 tile with a single stud. Orient the
plate so it is horizontal, then place the 2x2 tile on the right 2 studs so it overhangs on the front.
21. Locate 1 green 8x8 plate with a rounded edge. Orient this so the rounded edge is facing front, then
attach the back right corner 2 studs with the overhang.
22-23 Locate two more of the same green 2x2 tiles with a single stud from the last step. Place one to the
immediate left of the previously placed tile, then place the other to the immediate left of that one. Locate
one black 1x1 circular plate, one tan 1x1 tile with a hook on top, and one white dog bone with two bumps
on each end. Place the circular plate on the far back-right tile from step 21. Then place the hooked tile to
the left of that, facing any way diagonally. Now diagonally snap the bone into the hook.
24. Let’s make a gray and blue checkered platform on the grass! Locate one gray 2x2 modified tile with a
single stud and one blue 2x2 tile with no sticker. Place the gray tile in front of the step 22 green modified
tile, then place the blue tile in front of that one.
25.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the blue 2x2 sticker displaying four dark blue dog paw prints and
place this on a blue 2x2 tile.
25.2. Locate one blue 2x2 tile with a sticker. Place this in front of the modified tile with the bone and to the
left of the step 24 gray modified tile, or rows 3 and 4, columns 5 and 6. This direction of the paw prints
should be pointing diagonally back-right toward the step 22 1x1 circular plate.
26. Locate two more gray 2x2 tiles with a stud on top. Place one to the left of the previously placed blue
sticker tile and place the other in front of the same blue sticker tile.
27.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate a blue 2x2 sticker with a pink collar, yellow dog tag, and three dark
blue paw prints and place this on a blue 2x2 tile.
27.2. Locate one blue 2x2 with a sticker. Place this immediately to the left of the front-most gray tile from
step 26.
28. Locate one more blue 2x2 tile and one more gray 2x2 tile with a stud on top. Place the gray tile to the
left of the ppp, and place the blue tile behind that one.
29. Locate three light green 1x1 flowers. On the front horizontal 2x6 studs near the rounded edge on the
8x8 plate, place the first flower on the first column, first row, place the second flower on the third column,
first row, and place the third flower on the fourth column, second row.
30. Let’s build the base of a bush! Locate one light green 2x2 brick and one 1x1 green plate with a side
stud hanging down. Place the plate on the back-left corner of the brick with the side wall and side stud on
the left side of the brick.
31. Locate one green 1x1 brick and one green 1x1 plate. Place the plate to the right of the ppp and place
the brick in front of that one.
32. Locate one light green 1x1 brick with a hole going through a side and one short gray peg with a stud
on 1 end. Place the brick to the left of the ppp with the hole facing front and back. Now insert the peg into
the brick’s hole with the stud facing front.
33. Locate two light green 1x1 plates attached to a rounded brick. Vertically place one of the plates on the
brick with a hole and peg, ensuring the rounded side is facing back. In the same orientation, place the
other plate to the right of that.
34. Locate one green 1x1 plate and one 1x1 green modified plate with a side stud hanging down. Place
the plate on the ppp and the modified plate to the left of that, ensuring the side wall and side stud is facing
left.
35. Locate one 1x1 light green flower with a stud on top and two yellow-orange flowers with a short stem
underneath. All three of these flowers should go on the ppp. Start by placing one yellow-orange flower into
the top stud of the green flower. Then place this on the top stud of the last piece placed in step 34. Then
place the other yellow-orange flower into the same piece’s left side wall with a side stud.
36. Locate one 1x1 rounded green plate with three leaves. Place this on the bottom back stud on the left
side of this structure, on the step 30 side wall and side stud.
37. Now take this structure, keeping the same orientation, then place this on the back-left corner of the
8x8 plate.
38. Locate one brown poop/swirl and one large pink trash can with two handles. Place the poop on the
front-left gray tile from step 28. Then, with the handles facing left and right, place the trash can on the
front-right of the rounded 8x8 plate, to the right of the three green flowers on the floor.
39. Let’s build the moveable/adjustable leaves for the bush so the dog can hide in it! Locate two yelloworange flowers with stems, two 1x1 green rounded plates with three leaves, one vine piece with 5 stems
and 6 studs, and one green carrot top/stick with a V at the top. Start by orienting the vine with the longest
stem facing front and the ridged stud facing back. Place the stick through the ridged back stud with the V
upright and vertical. Place one green rounded plate with 3 leaves on the small front-left stud of the vine,
then place the other leaf piece on the small back-right stud of the vine. After ensuring that the leaves face
front, insert each flower’s stem into each leaf piece’s top stud.
40. Attach this structure to the front side of the previously built and placed bush base on the back-left of
the 8x8 rounded plate. Do this by inserting the green stick into the front side stud, leaving the V facing
front. This structure can be fully pushed all the way down to the right, for now, or you can lift it to place the
dog behind these adjustable leaves, then move them back down and right to hide the dog.
41. Let’s build the street lamp! Locate one black 1x1 brick with a side stud and two black 1x1 circular
plates. Orient the brick upright and with the side stud facing front. Place the brick on top of a stud, then
place the other stud on top of the brick.
42. Locate two black rods/poles. With both rods upright, place one on top of the structure from the last
step and one underneath.
43. Locate one transparent yellow bulb/lantern/globe, one black 2x2 circular tile with a single stud, and
one black 1x1 circular plate. Start by placing the globe, with the top stud facing up, on top of the 1x1 stud,
then place the 2x2 circular tile on top of the globe. Now place this on top of the structure from the last step,
on top of the top rod.
44-45. Locate a white 2x2 tile with a printed flier for a missing dog with tear-off tabs. Place this on the
street lamp’s side stud. With the flier diagonally facing front-left, place this completed street lamp on the
back-right stud/circular plate.
46-47. Locate one silver shovel and place the handle inside the pink trash can with the shovelhead
sticking out.
48. Let’s build the bike trailer! Locate one gray 1x2 modified plate with a bar and one blue 4x6 plate. Flip
the plate upside down with the studs facing down, and orient this horizontally. Vertically centered,
vertically place the modified plate on the far right side of the 4x6, with the bar facing right.
49. Locate one black 1x4 modified plate with pegs on each end, one gray 2x3 plate, and one pink 1x2
plate. Vertically centered, horizontally place the gray plate to the left of the ppp. Vertically centered,
vertically place the black modified plate to the left of that. Then, vertically centered, vertically place the
pink plate to the left of that.
50. Locate one yellow 1x4 plate and one pink 1x2 plate. Flip over the structure from the last step, so that
the handle is now facing left, still keeping the orientation horizontal. Vertically cover the last column on the
right with the 1x4 plate. Vertically centered, vertically place the 1x2 plate to the left of that.
51. Locate one white 2x3 curved slope and one white 1x2 plate with a hook on an edge. Place this, with
the downward slope facing left, on the ppp. To the left of that, horizontally place both 1x2 hooked plates,
vertically centered, with one in front of the other, and with both hooks overhanging left.
52. Locate two transparent 3x4 quarter circles with a stud on top and a downward slope. Symmetrically
and horizontally place each horizontally centered, on the first and last rows, with the downward slopes
facing left, and leaving one stud exposed to the left of each.
53. Locate one yellow 1x2 plate with a bar. Vertically place the plate, vertically centered, on top of the right
edge of the structure, leaving the vertical bar overhanging right
54. Locate one white 1x2x2 window frame and one pink 1x2 plate. Vertically place the window frame, with
the thinner edges facing left, on top of the ppp. Then vertically cover the pink 1x2 plate.
55. Let’s build the taillights of the bike trailer! Locate two yellow 1x1 plates, two yellow 1x1 bricks with a
side stud, and two transparent-red circular tiles. Start by placing the bricks on the front-right and back-right
corners, with the side studs facing right. Then place a circular tile on each side stud and then place the
1x1 plates on top of each brick.
56. Locate two yellow 1x1 bricks with a hook on a side. Place each on top of the two ppp with the hooks
facing right.
57. Locate two pink 1x2 plates with large arches/downward curved slopes. Horizontally place the right
edge of each 1x2 plate on top of the ppp with the arches facing left. The bottom of the left arch should be
attached to the front-left corner of the 4x6 plate.
58. Locate two pink 1x4 tiles with two studs. Vertically place them next to each other on top of the ppp,
connecting the two 1x2 plates attached to arches.
59.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate one 2x2 yellow sticker with three blue stripes and place this on one
yellow 2x2 tile.
59.2. Let’s build a dog ramp for the right of the bike trailer! Locate one yellow 2x2 tile with a sticker and
two 1x2 plates with a hook on a side. Start by placing the two hooked plates next to each other on your
surface with the hooks facing back. Then cover the 2x2 studs from the plates with the tile. The tile should
be oriented with the stripes on the sticker going horizontally.
60. With the hooks facing left, attach the ramp to the handlebar on the right of the bike trailer, in between
the tail lights. You can also push the ladder all the way up to the left to put the ramp away during transit!
61.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate one red and yellow 1x2 sticker displaying a dog bone sign, and place
this on a white 1x2 tile.
62.2. Locate one white 1x2 tile with a sticker and one transparent upward sloped-slide with a bar and two
studs. With the upward slide facing left, snap the right bar into the bike trailer’s left hooks. Push the slide
up, all the way to the right, closing the door of the bike trailer. Now vertically place the 1x2 tile with the
sticker on the slide’s 1x2 studs.
63. Locate one gray mechanical arm, with a hook on each end. Attach one of the hooks to the gray bar
underneath the slide’s bar handle, both on the left of the bike trailer. Make sure it goes up like a smiley
face!
64. Let’s put wheels on the bottom of the bike trailer! Flip the trailer upside down so the ppp is facing left,
in the same horizontal orientation. Locate one small gray 1x1 wheel with two tiny pegs on each side, and
one gray 2x2 circular plate with two trapezoid/triangle hooks on the other side. Vertically centered, with the
2x2 studs facing down, place the circular plate to the left edge of the bike trailer, ensuring that the hooks
are facing front and back. Insert the small wheel horizontally with the tiny pegs facing front and back, in
between the two hooks of the ppp.
65. Locate two large black wheels. On the right of the upside-down bike trailer, there should be larger
pegs, one facing front and one facing back. Insert the center of each wheel into each peg.
66.1-68. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate two of the same 2x2 white and blue stickers with two happy dogs in a
box. Place this on one white 2x2 panel/tile with two side hooks.
66.2-68. Let’s build a flag! Locate one white pole/rod with a stop-ring on an edge and one white 2x2
panel/tile with two side hooks and stickers. With the rod upright, the stop-ring facing down, and the hooks
facing right, horizontally attach the hooks to the top-left side of the pole.
66.3-68. Flip the trailer back around keeping the same orientation. Insert the bottom of the flag into the top
of the back hook on the right side of the bike trailer. The stop ring should rest on top of the hook.
69. Now locate one black binocular piece that feels like two side-by-side flashlights. Orient this vertically
and upright so that two flashlight heads or two circles face up, then attach the back flashlight stem/stick to
the front hook on the right side of the trailer.
70. Last step! Grab the bike that you built earlier. Orient it horizontally with the handles facing left, then
attach the right hook to the left mechanical arm on the trailer.
Congratulations! Now the Dog Rescue Bike is complete!
There are no ads after the instructions end.
The page after demonstrates how Victoria, the child minifigure, can be placed inside the bike trailer by
opening and closing the door/slide. This also shows how Aliya can ride the bike with her helmet on, with
the dog bowls in the bucket, and her arms extended out to reach for the bike handles, all while taking
Victoria along for the ride!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!