10938 Duplo Dinosaur Nursery
This 27-piece set includes a buildable forest, plus Claire Dearing from the movies and 3 cute baby
dinosaurs: Triceratops, Pteranodon and Brachiosaurus figures all from the Jurassic World movie. This
toy is ideal for animal-loving toddlers over 2 years old, dinosaur fans and parents who want to share
their child’s developmental moments. Animals enjoy a cave, nest and a tree with leaves to nibble. The
front of the box shows Claire and all the dinosaurs playing in the forest. On the back of the box is a
picture of two toddlers surrounded by Duplo sets.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
The set contains two bags, one contains figures, and the second does not. They are not numbered.
First open the bag with figures. You'll find a purple Brachiosaurus, with a tall neck and white stripes on
its back. Next is a green triceratops with a big, curved fin on the top of its head, and gray spots on its
back. Finally, a yellow and orange Pteranodon, with its wings stretched out to its sides. It has wonderful
orange stripes on its face. Claire is dressed in a white jump suit and has brown hair and blue eyes.
§
Now let's get building!
1. Take a green 8x2 brick and put it horizontally on the table.
2. Take two light grey 2x2 slopes with two studs on top and put one vertically on the left end of the
brick, slope to the left. Repeat symmetrically on the right.
3. Put a light grey 4x2 brick horizontally in between the previous pieces, with one row overhanging to
the front. Take a light green 2x6 brick and put it horizontally underneath the previous piece's front row, in
the middle, its leftmost and rightmost columns protruding.
4. Take the orange 1x1 flower brick with 5 petals and put it onto the previous piece's left front stud.
Open the next bag of pieces.
5. Take two tall light grey 2x1 bricks and put them vertically on top of the 2x2 slopes, at the left and right
ends of your structure.
6. Put a dark grey 8x2 brick horizontally on top with its leftmost and rightmost columns overhanging the
previous 2 pieces.
7. Put a light grey semi-circular 2x4 brick with 4 studs on top of the previous piece, horizontally in the
middle. 
Now we'll make a nest for the Pteranodon.
8. Take a brown 2x2 brick and put it on the table.
9. Take two green 2x2 inverted arch bricks and put them vertically on top, one with the arch to the left,
and one with the arch to the right, their ends overhanging to the left and right respectively.
10. Take two more green 2x2 inverted arch bricks and put them vertically on top in the same way.
11. Put a green 2x2 brick on top.
The nest is complete, now we will make a separate tree.
12. Put a light green 2x4 brick horizontally on the table.
13. Put another light green 2x4 brick horizontally in front of it.
14. Connect them by taking two light grey 2x2 slopes with two studs on top and put one vertically on the
left end of the bricks, slope to the left, and the other one on the right side of the bricks, slope to the right.
15. Take a brown round 2x2 brick with twelve horizontal cylinders/teeth and put it on top of the two slope
bricks you just placed.
Your tree is finished! Well done!
16. Put your Pteranodon on top.
17. Fold the briefcase piece and put it in Claire, the Duplo figure’s, hand.
You are all done! Enjoy playing with your dinosaur nursery!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us! 