60383 Electric Sports Car
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau
Kids who like toy cars will love the LEGO® City Electric Sports Car (60383), featuring a futuristic design
with neon-yellow detailing, cool wheels and a large rear spoiler. This playset also includes a toy charging
station and a driver minifigure for fun role play.
What's in the box?
- Everything you need to build a toy sports car and a pretend charging station, plus a driver minifigure
- Fun functions for imaginative play – Kids can open the cockpit to seat the driver minifigure, adjust the
solar panels on the pretend charge point and connect its cable to the car
- Dimensions – The LEGO® City Electric Sports Car measures over 1.5 in. (4 cm) high, 4.5 in. (12 cm)
long and 2 in. (5 cm) wide
- The front of the box shows a dark gray sports car rushing down a road with a city skyline and a solar
powered charging station in the background. The car has a blue stripe down each side directly below the
windows, and a lime green stripe at the bottom. The hood and spoiler are lime green, with a dark gray
geometric pattern on the hood. The driver sits in the right side of the car, wearing a baseball cap and a
small smile. One of the towers in the background proudly displays the Octan logo, a white oval with
interlocking droplet shapes in red and green, similar to a yin-yang.
- The top of the box shows a front view of the driver minifigure. The driver’s torso is printed with a black
jacket, which has a pattern of lime green triangles, a lime green zipper and zipper pocket, and blue trim at
the bottom and collar. He is also wearing a white baseball cap and dark blue pants. The top also shows
the driver with the small charging station, which is blue and gray and has a single black solar panel and a
black electrical cord. The driver is holding the charging cable, like he’s ready to plug it into his car.
- The back of the box has two pictures. The main picture shows the driver standing next to his car as it is
plugged into the charging station. The cord goes to a stud on the car's front right fender. The city is shown
in the background, with a row of bushes between the car and the city. There is a small inset picture,
which shows the car from above and behind. The front windshield is removed and is above the car, with
an arrow indicating that this piece is removable to allow the driver to get into and out of the car. There is
also an arrow on the spoiler, indicating it is hinged and can move up and down. Through the back
window, you can see the car’s two batteries, which are blue and have the Octan logo, as well as a
positive and negative symbol, indicating the battery’s polarity.
The build is 95 pieces, and 52 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to back.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/60383 As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
Sort the pieces into three bags: A, B, and C.
Bag A contains the pieces for one minifigure and the electric charging station.
Bag B contains the pieces for the first part of the car build, steps 1 through 11.4, this includes the main
body of the car as well as the rear bumper.
Bag C contains the remaining pieces for the car, steps 11.5 through 34. This includes the wheels and
canopy of the car.
§
Building Instructions:
Open bag A.
Sub-build 1 - Driver Minifigure
Assemble the driver minifigure using the minifigure legs, the jacket patterned torso, the head, and white
baseball cap.
Sub-build 2 - Charging Station
1. Locate 1 black 4x4 plate with one row of studs running down the middle, place this in front of you with
the single row of studs running horizontally. This is the base of the solar powered charging station.
2. Locate a single, light bluish gray 1x2 brick with four studs on one side. Place horizontally on the
previous piece so that the four studs face towards you, centered left and right
3. Locate an orange 1x1 round plate. Place this on the right stud on top of the light bluish gray brick from
the previous step. Locate a black string with a 1x1 round plate at each end. Place this on the left stud to
the left of the previous piece, with the string extending horizontally to the left. The string will form the
charging cord of the charging station.
4. Locate a light bluish gray 1x2 tile, sloping with a handle on top. Place this horizontally on top of the
pieces from the previous step, slope towards the front.
5.1. Now we will make the face of the charging station. Locate a light blue 2x2 plate and place it in front of
you. Next find a yellow 1x2 plate with a single stud in the middle and place this horizontally on the back
row of studs of the 2x2 plate.
5.2. Locate a light blue 2x2 sloped curved tile and place it sloping down towards you on the bottom row of
the 2x2 plate. Place this entire assembly upright onto the charger base, affixing it to the four studs on the
1x2 brick with studs on its side. The 2x2 curved sloping tile should be at the bottom and the 1x2 with a
single stud at the top.
6. Locate the solar panel, which is a 2x3 tile with two clips on one of the short sides. Place this upright on
the base by clipping these clips onto the 1x2 with the handle on top. The smooth side of the solar panels
is printed with a grid representing solar panels. This should be facing you. Once it is clipped in place, the
solar panel can rotate on the handle, tilt it a few degrees away from you so that the printed panels point
slightly upwards.
The charging station is now complete. Let’s build the car!
Open bag B.
Sub-build 3 - Chassis
1. Locate the black base/chassis of the car and place this in front of you with its long axis running
horizontally. The end to your right will be the front of the car. Viewed from the top, the base is a 4x10 with
four pegs which extend to the back or front. These pegs will hold the wheels. Between the wheel pegs are
wide spots which are 4 studs wide.
2. Find a tan 2x2 brick with a ribbed pattern on all sides. Place this on the car base, even with the right
end, between the two pegs which will hold the front wheels. The top of the ribbed brick should be even
with the top of the base.
3. Find 2 yellow 1x4 plates and place them horizontally on the base where it is widest, one at the closest
edge and one at the farthest edge. Next, find a transparent red 1x2 grille tile and place this vertically on
the base next to the 2x2 ribbed brick from the previous step, centered vertically on the base.
4. Locate a light bluish gray 1x2 tile, sloping with a handle on top. Place this vertically on the base, at the
left end of the 2x4 depression, sloping down to the right. This forms the seat for the driver. Next, find the
light bluish gray 1x2 plate with a steering wheel. Place this vertically at the right end of the 2x4 depression
in the base, with the steering wheel pointing to the left.
5. Locate a light blue 2x2 plate, and place this one stud from the left end of the base, centered vertically.
Its right end should touch the 1x2 tile, sloping with a handle on top from the previous step.
6. Locate an orange 2x2 plate, with 2 studs on one side. Place this on the far left end of the base
centered vertically, with the studs on the side pointing to the left and extending one stud past the end of
the base, its left column overhanging to the left.
7. Locate 2 dark bluish gray 1x6 plates with an upward slope at either end. Place both horizontally on the
base, centered horizontally. Place them symmetrically on the row of studs between the two wheel wells, 1
stud towards the center from the closest and farthest vertical edges of the base.There should be two
studs between these two pieces.
8. Locate a light bluish gray 2x3 curved slope with 4 studs on top. Place this horizontally, sloping down to
the right, 1 stud from the left end of the build and centered vertically. It should sit into a depression formed
by the orange 2x2 plate, with 2 studs on one side from Step 6.
9. Locate a transparent blue 1x2 plate. Place this vertically on top of the left end of the previous piece.
Locate a blue 1x4 brick with studs on one side. Place this vertically to the left of the previous piece,
centered vertically. It should be placed on top of the 2x2 plate, with 2 studs on one side from Step 6.
10. Locate two black, 2x2 bricks with mudguards. With the curved part of the mudguard closest to you,
place the mudguard over the left wheel peg on the near side of the base. The brick part of the mudguard
should be placed to the right of the blue 1x4 brick from the previous step. The peg for the wheel should
be centered in the curve of the mudguard. Place the other mudguard symmetrically on the back side of
the build, over the other wheel peg.
Set the main chassis of the car aside for now, we’re going to build the rear bumper!
Sub-build 4 - Rear Bumper
11.1. Locate a black 2x6 plate with 4 studs on one of the long sides. Place this horizontally in front of you,
with the studs on the side facing away from you.
11.2. Locate two transparent red 1x2 grille tiles and place them horizontally on the raised 1x4 portion of
the 2x6 plate from the last step.
11.3. Locate two transparent red 1x1 slopes. Place one on the back left corner of the 2x6 plate from Step
11.1, sloping down to the left. Place the other slope on the back right corner of the 2x6 plate, facing down
and to the right.
11.4. Locate a black 1x4 panel. Place this horizontally on the 2x6 from step 11.1, with the low part
towards the front, with one stud exposed on either side.
Open Bag C.
11.5. Locate two black 1x1 slopes. Place these on the two remaining unexposed studs, oriented in the
same way as the two transparent red 1x1 slopes from step 11.3.
The rear bumper is complete, it’s time to attach it to the main chassis! Take the main chassis build and
place it horizontally in front of you with the steering wheel on the right side of the build. Rotate the bumper
around its long axis until the studs on the side of the black 2x6 point upwards, and the transparent red
1x2 grille tiles are on your left.
Attach it to the far left end of the main chassis, centered back to front so that the studs on the side of the
2x6 align with the 4 vertical studs at the back of the main chassis.
12. Locate two dark bluish gray 1x3 tiles. Place these horizontally on the car, with the left stud placed on
the far left stud of the build, and a two stud gap between the two 1x3 tiles.
13. Locate a dark bluish gray 1x2 plate with two vertical clips. Place this vertically between the two 1x3
tiles from the previous step, with the clips pointing to the left. Locate two 1x2 tiles with a battery pattern.
Place these horizontally between the two 1x3 tiles from the previous step, with the left edges up against
the dark bluish gray 1x2 plate with vertical clips.
14. Rotate the build 180 degrees, so now the steering wheel is to the left and the rear bumper is to the
right. Locate two dark bluish gray 1x2 slopes with a cutout and no stud on top. Place one of these
horizontally to the left of each 1x3 tile from Step 12, sloping down to the left.
15. Locate two transparent blue 1x2 plates. Place one of these horizontally onto the two exposed studs
on each of the mudguards.
16. Locate two black 1x2 inverted slopes. Place these on the near and far edges of the base, with the
slope to the right. These pieces go all the way to the right edge of the wide part of the base so that the
right edge touches the left edge of the two 1x2 plates from Step 15.
17. Locate two black 1x2 bricks. Place these horizontally to the left of the pieces from step 16. Locate two
black 1x2 inverted slopes. Place these to the left of the two 1x2 bricks you just placed, with the slope
pointing to the left.
18. Locate two light blue 1x6 plates. Place these horizontally on top of the pieces from Steps 15-17.
19. Locate two black 1x4 curving slopes with a 1x2 cutout in the middle. Place these horizontally with
their leftmost stud on top of the rightmost stud of the 1x6 plate from the previous step. The center of the
curved slope should be above the center of the mudguard.
20. Locate a dark bluish gray 1x4 brick with arch cutout. Place this vertically, centered between the
leftmost studs of the 1x6 plates from step 18. The top of the arch should be one plate height above the
top of the 1x6 plates, and the steering wheel should be to the right of the arch brick.
21. Locate a white 1x2 brick with horizontal grooves on one side, and vertical grooves on the other. Place
this piece to the left of the piece from the previous step, oriented vertically, centered vertically, with the
vertical grooves on the left. There should be a single stud between this piece and the left end of the car.
22. Locate a dark bluish gray piece which looks like a stair step, 2 studs wide, 3 studs long and slightly
taller than a brick. Place this piece horizontally on the far left of the car, centered vertically, with the higher
step connected to the left of the piece from the previous step. The bottom of the piece should be even
with the bottom of the car, and it should extend 2 studs past the left end of the car.
23. Locate two black 2x2 bricks with mudguards. With the curved part of the mudguard closest to you,
place the mudguard over the left wheel peg on the near side of the base. The back part of the mudguard
should touch the pieces from the last two steps. The right stud of the mudguard should touch the arch
piece from Step 20. Place the other mudguard symmetrically on the back side of the build, over the other
wheel peg
24. Locate two black 1x6 tiles. Place one horizontally at the near edge of the build, with the left stud on
the front right stud of the mudguard brick from the previous step. The mudguard should have 3 studs
exposed now, forming the braille letter F. The right edge of the 1x6 tile should be even with the curved
slope from Step 20. Place the other 1x6 tile symmetrically at the back of the build.
25. Locate two white 2x2 corner plates. Orient one so it is shaped like a braille letter F. Place this onto the
top of the step piece from Step 22. The corner of the mudguard should be in the corner of the white
corner plate. Orient the other white corner plate like the braille letter H and place it symmetrically on the
far side of the step piece from Step 22.
26. Locate a transparent blue 1x2 plate. Place this vertically between the left two mudguards, on top of
the right studs from the pieces from the previous step.
27. Locate a light blue 1x6 plate. Place this vertically, centered vertically, to the left of the previous piece.
28. Locate a yellow 2x4 plate. Place this vertically to the right of the previous piece. It should be centered
vertically, touching the arch from Step 20 and its right column of studs between the two 1x6 tiles from
step 24. Locate two transparent gray 1x1 plates. Place these to the left of the 1x6 tiles from step 24, one
to the front and one to the back of the yellow 2x4 plate.
Now we’re going to build the front bumper! Set the main part of the car aside for right now.
Sub-build 5 - Front Bumper
29.1. Locate two 2x6 plates with rounded corners, one black and one yellow. Place the black one on top
of the yellow one and place these vertically in front of you with the rounded end to your left. This will be
the car’s front bumper!
29.2. Locate three dark bluish gray 1x2 plates with rounded ends. Place one vertically on the front right
two studs of the piece from the previous step. Place one more symmetrically at the back of the piece from
the previous step. Place the last 1x2 plate with rounded corners vertically between these two. These
three pieces will form a vertical row.
29.3. Locate two transparent blue 1x2 plates. Place these vertically in a row, on top of the plates from the
previous step, centered vertically. The front and back studs from 1x2 rounded plates from the previous
step should be exposed afterwards.
29.4. Locate two transparent 1x1 tiles shaped like a quarter circle. Place one next to the front 1x2 plate
from the previous step. The curved section of the tile should be towards the front left, which should match
the 2x6 plate with rounded corners from step 29.1. Place the other transparent blue 1x1 tile symmetrically
at the back of the bumper. These form the car’s headlights!
Now we’ll place the front bumper on the car! Take the main chassis build and place it horizontally in front
of you with the steering wheel on the left side of the build. Take the front bumper and place it vertically on
the two studs extending past the bottom left of the main chassis, centered vertically, with the longer
portion of the bumper on the right. It should be even with the bottom of the left mudguard and should
touch the 1x6 plate from Step 27.
30. Next find two yellow 2x2 curved slopes. These slopes have a dark gray geometric pattern on them.
These will be the hood of the car! Place these next to each other, centered vertically, sloping down to
your left, on top of the row of transparent blue plates on the front bumper. The right edge of the slope
should touch the yellow 2x4 plate from Step 28. There should be one row of studs exposed on the far left
of the bumper.
31. Locate two black wedge shaped 1x2 curved slopes, one left and one right. Place one horizontally next
to the hood piece from the last step, sloping down to the left with the stud connecting next to a
transparent 1x1 plate from Step 28. This should match the contour of the hood, if it does not, try the other
wedge shaped curved slope! Place the other piece symmetrically next to the back side of the hood.
32. Now we’ll build the spoiler! Locate a dark bluish gray 1x2 plate with a bar. Attach this vertically to the
two clips at the right end of the car, with the studs facing up. Next, find a 1x6 yellow tile and place this
vertically and centered vertically on the previous piece. The spoiler can be tilted up or down!
33. Next, find the two transparent gray 4x6 canopy pieces. Place one horizontally sloping down to the
right, with the two studs on the right of the canopy connecting to the 2 studs on top of the plate with clips
at the right of the car. Next attach the second canopy piece sloping down and to the left with the studs on
the left of the canopy attaching to the studs just to the right of the hood. The two canopy pieces should
form a single, smooth shape with no breaks or gaps.
34. Now we’re going to build the four wheels of the car! Find 4 silver wheel hubs and 4 black rubber tires.
Push the hubs into each tire and push it onto one of the wheel pegs. The wheels have a spoke pattern on
one side and are hollow on the other side. The spoked side should face to the outside of the car.
Now your Electric Sports Car is complete! You can lift off the canopy pieces to place the driver inside! The
last picture in the instruction book shows the driver charging his car using the charging station with the
cable connected to a stud next to the cockpit.
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!