43199 Elsa’s Castle Courtyard
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
Open play possibilities await kids aged 5 and up within this LEGO® ǀ Disney Elsa’s Castle Courtyard
(43199) set, which features a castle courtyard arch with fountain, detailed mini-doll figure, LEGO Snowgie
figure and the special ‘diamond’ dress, that connects with the fountain bottom to act as storage for the
mini-doll. Interactive digital building instructions, available in the free LEGO Building Instructions app, help
kids visualize the model with intuitive tools.
First, we will build the Elsa minifigure. Find the top blue octagonal (8 sided) dress piece put the body on it,
and then put the head, and hair on top. She wears a blue sparkly top, and a blue crystal dress, and has a
wide smile.
Now we'll build the actual set:
Step 1. Find a white 8x4 plate with sloped edges, and put it horizontally on the table, wide end to the
back.
Step 2. Find two blue 2x1 bricks with horizontal clasp, and put one vertically on the back left edge, clasp
to the left, and the other symmetrically on the back of the right edge.
Step 3. Find a light blue 8x1 arched doorway with columns and put it horizontally on the back row,
between the previous pieces, columns to the front.
Step 4. Find two light purple 5-sided 2x2 tiles and a light blue 2x2 tile with one stud. Put one 5-sided 2x2
tile, to the right of the left 2x1 with horizontal clasp's front stud, its triangular end pointing to the front.
Repeat symmetrically at the right. Put the blue 2x2 tile with one stud between the two previous pieces,
two studs in front of it should remain free.
Step 5. Find two light aqua 1x2x3 bricks, and two light aqua 2x1 bricks. Put one 1x2x3 brick vertically on
the left 1x2 with vertical clasp. Put a 1x2 brick vertically on top. Repeat the previous two sentences
symmetrically on the right.
Step 6. We will now make a fountain with a crystal - it is a separate part which we will attach to our
structure later. Find an octagonal (8 sided) transparent light blue, dress bottom, a transparent blue
minifigure head, a transparent blue 4x4 dish, and a 1x1 transparent blue crystal. The octagonal dress
bottom looks like an octagonal bowl with a stud in its center, at the bottom of the bowl. Put the octagonal
dress bottom on the table. Put the transparent light blue minifigure head on the stud inside the dress
bottom. Put the transparent light blue 4x4 dish on top and put the transparent blue crystal into the stud of
the dish. Your fountain is done! Put it on the stud of the light blue 2x2 tile with one stud.
Step 7: Find two transparent blue 1x1 bricks and put one on the back button of the left wall, on top of the
light aqua 2x1. Repeat symmetrically on the right.
Step 8: Find two light aqua inverted 2x1 slopes, (these parts have two studs on them, and one anti-stud.)
Put one of them on the left, in front of the previous piece, inverted slope to the right. Repeat symmetrically
on the right.
Step 9: Find two 2x2 light aqua slopes with two studs. Put one vertically on top of your previous part and
to the back, slope to the left. Repeat symmetrically on the right. 
Step 10: Find two light purple 1x2 slopes with one stud, and a light blue 2x1 brick with horizontal clasp.
Go to the back left of your structure. Put a light purple 1x2 slope with one stud horizontally on the back
button of the light aqua 2x2 slope from the previous step, and to the right, slope to the left. Repeat
symmetrically at the right. Put the 2x1 with horizontal clasp between the two previous pieces, clasp to the
back.
Step 11: Find a transparent-blue wand piece, and put it in the clasp, vertically.
Step 12: Find a light blue 4x1 brick with 4 side studs and put it horizontally in front of the wand piece, on
top of the 2x1 with vertical clasp, side studs to the front.
Step 13: Find a light purple pentagonal (5 sided) 2x2 tile, and put it upright, on the middle side studs of
the previous piece, triangular end to the bottom.
Step 14: Find two bluish white light aqua 1x2x2 slopes and put them horizontally on top of the 4x1 with
side studs, one part's slope is to the left, the other part's slope is to the right.
Step 15: Find a light aqua 1x2 tile with one stud in the middle and put it horizontally on top of the two
previous pieces.
Step 16: Take transparent light blue windscreen and put it upright on the leftmost and rightmost sidestuds of the 4x1, so that it covers the Pentagon, and the point of the triangle goes to the top.
Step 17: Find two transparent-blue 1x1 bricks, and two transparent blue 1x1 slope pyramids. Make a part,
put the transparent blue 1x1 pyramid on top of the transparent blue 1x1 brick. Repeat to make two such
parts. Put one of these parts on the free studs at the front left top of your structure, to the left of the
transparent blue triangle. Repeat symmetrically on the right.
Step 18: Take a large transparent snowflake and put it upright into the 1x1 stud on the top of your
structure.
Step 19: Make a part, find 1 white 3x2 plate, two light purple 2x1 slopes, one light aqua 2x1-1x1 slope, 1
2x1 brick with vertical handle on short side, one white 1x1 ball, one white 1x1 dome with one stud, and
one light aqua 1x2 tile with one stud in the center. Put the white 2x3 plate horizontally on the table. Put
the white 2x1 with vertical handle on short side horizontally on the front row skipping the left back stud,
handle to the right. Put the light purple 2x1 slope brick on top of the previous piece horizontally slope to
the right. Put the light aqua 2x2x3 slope vertically to the left of the previous piece slope to the back. Put
the white 1x2 tile with one stud, horizontally on top of the previous piece and to the right. Make a
snowman. Put the 1x1 white ball on the 1x1 dome with one stud. The ball is printed with a face, his eyes
are little rocks, he has a smiling blue mouth with one white rectangular tooth. Put the snowman onto the
stud at the top of this part.
Step 20: Repeat the previous step symmetrically to create another part. There is only one snowman, so
don't worry about him in this step. Find 1 white 3x2 plate, 1 light purple 2x1 slope, one light aqua 1x2x2
slope, 1 2x1 brick with vertical handle on the short side, one light aqua 1x2 tile with one stud in the center,
and one transparent blue 6-pointed crystal. Put the white 2x3 plate horizontally on the table. Put the white
2x1 with vertical handle on short side horizontally on the back row skipping the right back stud, handle to
the left. Put the light purple 2x1 slope brick on top of the previous piece horizontally slope to the left. Put
the light-bluish-white 1x2x3 slope vertically to the right of the previous piece slope to the front. Put the
white 1x2 tile with one stud, horizontally on top of the previous piece and to the left. Put the transparentblue 6-pointed crystal on top. Connect these parts onto the clasps on the sides of the structure.
You're done! Enjoy! 