60377 Explorer’s Diving Boat
Instructions adapted by Alastair Guild and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
Endless imaginative adventures await with this 5+ LEGO® City Explorer Diving Boat (60377) playset. The
inflatable toy boat comes with lots of realistic features, including a working crane. The set also features a
mini-submarine, coral reef setting and a treasure chest. There are 3 explorer minifigures and manta ray,
hammerhead shark, crab, 2 fish and 2 turtle figures as well as lots of story-inspiring accessories.
What’s in the box?
- Everything kids need to build a toy inflatable boat, minisub and coral reef setting, plus 3 explorer
minifigures and manta ray, hammerhead shark, crab, 2 fish and 2 turtle figures
- Working crane – Kids can use the ship’s crane to deploy the mini-submarine before setting out in search
of sunken treasure
- A fun gift idea for budding explorers aged 5+ – Bring imaginative ocean adventures home when you give
this LEGO playset as a birthday or any-other-day gift!
- The diving boat measures over 2.5 inches (7 centimeters) high, 8 inches (20 centimeters) long and 3
inches (8 centimeters) wide
- Minifigure accessories include a toy treasure chest, camera, golden coins, and a goblet
- The front of the box shows the diving boat floating above a coral reef where two scuba divers are
exploring. The boat has a dark blue hull and is topped with white, blue, and orange. Behind a large
transparent-blue windscreen sits the pilot, an older woman with black braided hair. At the back of the boat
is a crane that has just deployed a mini robot submarine to assist the divers. The divers have discovered
sunken treasure in the form of a treasure chest filled with golden coins and a goblet. Around them, ocean
creatures swim – a stingray glides in the distance, while a hammerhead shark cruises by. Two turtles,
large and small, swim beneath a coral arch. On the back of the box, the divers are bringing the treasure
up! The chest has been raised from the depths by the crane, which is operated by the boat captain while
the minisub catches treasure which spills from the ancient chest. Panels to the side show a light-blue fish
swimming over the gold-filled chest, the crane lowering the minisub into the water, and one of the divers
in the back of the boat worriedly examining the small turtle. One final panel on the top of the box shows
the crew bringing the treasure ashore with the turtles watching and the hammerhead shark jumping out
the water in the distance.
- There are a total of 182 pieces in this build, and 79 steps split across three building phases.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to back.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/60377). As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers, or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
Bag 1 – 5 groups of bricks
Male diver minifigure parts – legs, torso, scuba tank, head, hair, helmet, goggles, 2x flippers, camera,
grey 1x1 round plate with hole, transparent clear 1x1 round tile
Stingray
First assembly (minisub) – Steps 1-4, 5-10, 11-14
Bag 2 and the large boat piece – 9 groups of bricks
Researcher minifigure parts – legs, torso, life jacket, head, hair
Hammerhead shark – shark body, shark head
Second assembly (diving boat) – Steps 1-9, 10-14, 15-20, 21-24, 25-33, 34-40, 42-43
(Note: Step 24 consists of three of the same piece in different colors so the pieces for this step are spread
across three groups of bricks, one of which is a single part.)
Bag 3 – 6 groups of bricks
Female diver minifigure parts - legs, torso, scuba tank, head, hair, helmet, goggles, 2x flippers
Turtles – large turtle, small turtle
Third assembly (coral reef) – Steps 1-5, 6-11, 12-19, 20-22
Let’s start by putting together the male diver minifigure. Construct the minifigure using the legs, torso,
scuba tank and head. Take the helmet piece and clip the goggles over the face-hole, making sure that the
snorkel that’s part of the goggles slopes up. A light blond hair piece is included to replace the helmet for
when he’s not diving. Connect an orange flipper to each foot. The only thing left is to give him an
accessory! Take the blue minifigure camera and place a light grey 1x1 round plate with hole on the stud in
the camera’s center. Then place a transparent clear 1x1 round tile on top of the 1x1 round plate. Clip the
camera into the minifigure’s hand using the bar on the side of the camera. Collect the grey-blue stingray
to give him something to photograph!
Our intrepid diver sports a dark blue wetsuit with light blue arms and orange accents, completed with an
orange scuba tank and matching orange flippers. His face shows a wistful smile, as if he is admiring the
majestic sea creatures around him. His head is covered by a dark blue diving helmet and transparent
blue goggles with a snorkel. In his hand he carries a waterproof camera with which to document the
wonders of the ocean. The stingray is a large, flat creature with small eyes on the sides of its head and a
pattern of dark blue spots over its winglike fins. Despite their reputation, stingrays are gentle creatures,
only stinging in defense when they feel attacked. So long as our photographer keeps his distance, he’s
perfectly safe!
Now we can build the minisub!
1. Take a blue 2x4 plate and orient it horizontally.
2. Next, collect a white 1x2 brick with pinhole and place it vertically on the leftmost column of the plate.
3. Find another white 1x2 brick with pinhole and connect it vertically to the immediate right of the previous
brick.
4. Gather two light grey 1x2 bricks with vertical bar handles on the ends. Take the first and place it
vertically on the back stud of the column to the right of the previous part so that the bar points away from
you and the piece overhangs by one stud to the back. Place the second piece symmetrically.
5. Place an orange 1x2 brick with pinhole vertically to the left of the pieces from the previous step.
6. Take a blue 2x4 plate and connect it horizontally to the top of the minisub. The plate should not
overhang in any direction.
7. Find two tan axle-with-pin pieces. Insert the pin ends into the holes in the bricks with pinholes at the left
and right ends of the model.
8. Take the black 12-tooth gear and connect it to the tan axle protruding from the left end of the minisub.
The gear represents the minisub’s propeller and can spin freely.
9. Find two blue modified 1x2 plates with a bar handle on one side. Orient the first horizontally with the
bar handle facing away from you. Connect it to the back row of studs to the right of the gear. Place the
second piece symmetrically. There should be an empty 2x2 of studs to the right of the modified plates.
10. Next, take two white lamp holders – these parts have a single stud with a thick ring protruding from
the side, and the ring has a stud on either side. Place them symmetrically to the right of the modified
plates with bar handles so that the thick rings align with the bar handles.
11. Find a dark blue round 2x2 tile with center stud and connect it to the 2x2 of studs between the bar
handles. Then, collect an orange 2x2 curved slope and orient it so the slope curves down to the right.
This part is decorated with the explorers’ logo, a blue planet Earth with dark blue continents surrounded
by a ring with four spikes that is reminiscent of a compass. Connect the slope to the right of the dark blue
round tile.
12. Locate the transparent blue 2x2 round dome piece and hold it with the top stud facing right. Connect it
to the tan axle protruding from the right end of the minisub’s body.
13. Make two identical parts: collect two orange 1x1 round bricks and two clear 1x1 round tiles. Connect a
round tile to the stud of each round brick. Then, orient the parts on their sides with the round tiles facing to
the right. Connect the parts to the exposed side studs of the lamp holder pieces on either side of the
curved slope. Now the minisub has lights that it can use when exploring the depths!
14. Make another two parts: gather two white robot arms and two light grey bars with clips. Insert the grey
bars into the holes in the ends of the robot arms. Attach the arms by clipping the ends of the white robot
arms to the vertical bar handles protruding from the sides of the minisub. Make sure that each robot arm
can hinge all the way forward – if it can’t, then flip the arm and reconnect it.
Well done, you have finished the minisub and the first of the three bags! The minisub is a small,
unmanned vehicle equipped with powerful headlights and robotic arms which can collect samples and
assist divers underwater. The bars behind the lights are perfect for a minifigure to hitch a ride!
Open bag 2.
Assemble the pilot minifigure using the legs, torso, life jacket, head, and hair. Under her life jacket, the
researcher is wearing a white jacket with blue arms. She has a portable GPS unit attached to her belt.
She has a slight smile and wrinkles around her mouth and eyes which imply her experience as a pilot and
as an explorer. Her hair is long and black, braided and tied back.
Next, assemble the hammerhead shark by clipping the head onto the body. The hammerhead is a light
grey shark with an unusually shaped head which they use to find their favorite food – stingrays!
Let’s build the explorer’s diving boat!
1. Take the dark blue boat element and orient it horizontally with the rounded end pointing to the right.
2. Collect a white 1x6 arch piece and connect it vertically to the leftmost column of recessed studs.
3. Locate two white tail pieces – these pieces have a 1x2 of studs on the top connected by a thin sloping
panel to a 1x4 area at the bottom. Orient the pieces horizontally so they slope down to the left. Connect
one to the back row of recessed studs to the immediate right of the arch piece from the previous step and
connect the other to the front row of studs in the same fashion.
4. Find the white 1x4 fence piece and orient it vertically with the raised section facing right. Connect it
between the tail pieces from the previous step so that the fence piece is aligned with the right edges of
the tail pieces.
5. Take the light grey crate piece and orient it vertically. Place it to the immediate right of the fence piece.
There should be a row of empty studs in front of and behind the crate.
6. Collect a tan 1x2 sloped tile and orient it vertically sloping down to the right. Place it to the right of the
crate and in the center of the column so that there are two empty studs above and below the slope. Then
take the white steering wheel and place it vertically two studs to the right of the sloped tile. The steering
wheel should be centered in the same way as the slope.
7. To the right of the steering wheel should be an empty 2x2 studded area that is raised up by one plate
thickness. Place an orange 2x2 plate in this space.
8. Find two white 1x2 grille slopes, which have a grille-like texture on the sloped surface. Orient them
horizontally sloping down to the right. Now place your finger on the 2x2 of empty studs to the immediate
left of the steering wheel. Moving your finger vertically towards you, you should meet the side of the boat
and find a raised 2x2 region of empty studs. Place a grille slope on the inner horizontal 1x2 of studs.
Connect the second grille slope symmetrically to the back of the build.
9. Take two tan 1x3 bricks and orient them horizontally. Place the first on the first row of the recessed
area inside the boat so that the left edge of the piece is aligned with the left end of the grille slope from
the last step. Place the second piece symmetrically to the other side. There should be a vertical space of
four studs between the bricks.
10. Locate two dark blue 1x3 bricks and stack them horizontally on top of the bricks from the previous
step.
11. Get a tan 2x2 brick and place it on the 2x2 of studs to the right of the steering wheel.
12. Find the dark blue 3x6 wedge plate with cut corners and orient it vertically so that the long edge of the
piece lies to the left. Connect it to the tan 2x2 brick from the last step so that the left edge touches the
right ends of the dark blue 1x3 bricks from two steps back.
13. Gather two transparent blue 1x2 bricks and two blue 1x2 sloped bricks. Orient the pieces horizontally
with the slopes facing to the right. Place a 1x2 brick on the front dark blue 1x3 brick’s left two studs – the
piece should be vertically aligned with the white 1x2 grille slope in front of it. To the right of the brick, place
the 1x2 sloped brick. Place the other two parts symmetrically on the back of the model.
14. Take the grey 1x2 sloped tile decorated with printed dashboard and orient it vertically with the slope
facing to the left. Place it directly to the right of the steering wheel element. The dashboard features two
dials which could represent speedometers, pressure gauges, or other measurements. To the right of the
dashboard, place a grey 2x2 tile.
15. Collect two grey 1x2 panels with sides and two white 1x2 panels with center divider. Take the first
panel with sides and orient it horizontally with the open side facing you. Locate a 2x2 area of empty studs
on the front left edge of the boat – this area is in front of one of the white fins placed in step 3. Place the
panel with sides on the inner row of studs. Then, take a white panel with center divider and orient it
horizontally with the center divider pointing towards you. Place the piece in front of the previous part.
Connect the other two pieces symmetrically to the opposite side of the boat. An interesting feature of the
panel with center divider is that the divider slides neatly between a minifigure’s legs, allowing you to pose
a minifigure on the side of the boat – perhaps this is where the minifigures stand before their dive! Also
note that the panels come together to create a small storage box where you can place minifigure
accessories such as tools or diving flippers.
16. Find two white modified 1x2 plates with two horizontal clips and a grey modified 1x2 plate with vertical
bar arm. Locate an empty vertical 1x6 studded region at the far left of the boat and place the modified
plate with vertical bar arm vertically on the middle two studs with the bar arm to the left. Then, attach the
modified plates with clips behind and in front of the previous piece so the clips point to the left. We will
return to this area later to add engines and a crane!
17. Take two orange 2x6 plates and orient them vertically. Place the first on top of the pieces from the
previous step, locking them in place. Locate the fins to the right and identify the two horizontal 1x2
studded areas at the top of the fins. Connect the second orange plate across the fins.
18. Locate two orange 1x10 curved slopes. Orient the pieces horizontally with the studs to the left and the
slope curving down to the right. Connect the first slope to the front row of the 2x6 plate from the previous
step so that the right end of the slope connects to the brick and slope in front of the cockpit area. The
curved slope should overhang to the left of the 2x6 plate by two studs. Connect the second slope in the
same way to the back row of the plate.
19. Grab a blue 2x4 plate and place it vertically on the orange 2x6 plate between the 1x10 curved slopes.
20. Collect a black 1x4 plate and grey 1x4 hinge plate with two fingers on the side. Orient the pieces
vertically, with the fingers of the hinge plate pointing to the right. Connect the black 1x4 plate to the left
column of the blue 2x4 plate from the last step and connect the hinge plate to the right column.
21. Gather three orange 1x2 plates with center stud. Orient the first two plates horizontally and place
them on the 1x2 studded areas at the left end of the 1x10 curved slopes. Orient the last plate vertically.
Locate a vertical 1x2 studded area at the far right of the boat, right at the end, and place the plate here.
22. Find three grey round 1x1 plates with holes. Place one on each of the plates with center stud from the
last step.
23. Let’s return to the 2x4 studded area between the two long curved slopes. Locate two white 1x2 tiles
and orient them horizontally. Place them on the back and front rows of studs, leaving a 2x2 studded area
between them. Then, find a white mast element – this piece has a 2x2 square base with a vertical mast
rising from the center. The mast branches to either side, with each branch terminating in a stud. The top
of the mast also has a single stud. Orient the piece with the smooth side of the mast faces to the right and
the mast slopes back towards the left. Connect the piece between the 1x2 tiles.
24. The placement of the next three 1x1 round translucent tiles is fully dependent on knowing which tile is
which color. Reach out to a sighted friend or family member to help you identify each one and place them
as follows: place the transparent red 1x1 round tile on the stud on the back branch of the mast, the
transparent clear 1x1 round tile on the stud at the top of the mast, and the transparent green tile 1x1
round tile on the stud on the front branch of the mast.
25. Now we’ll return to the boat’s rear. Find the orange 2x6 plate at the far-left end of the boat. Take two
grey modified 1x2 plates with clip on top and orient them horizontally with the clips on the right. Place the
pieces on the front two rows of the orange 2x6 plate.
26. Locate the light blue syringe minifigure accessory and connect it to the clips. Then, find a white 1x2
tile with medical sign and place it vertically across the studs to the left of the clips. The tile features a bluegreen asterisk symbol like many medical signs. Perhaps the syringe is for medical use only, containing a
life-saving antidote, or maybe the tile itself is a first-aid kit and the syringe is for taking samples. You
decide!
Now we’ll build the two outboard motors which power the diving boat. We will build them as two identical
parts and connect them to the boat soon, so set aside the boat for now.
27. Take two orange 2x2 plates.
28. Collect two blue modified 1x2 plates with bar handles on the side and connect one to the top of each
2x2 plate. Orient both parts with the bar handles to the right.
29. Take two blue 2x2 curved slopes and orient them so the slopes curve down to the left. Connect them
to the parts so all the studs are covered.
30. Grab two white modified 2x2 plates with pin hole underneath. Orient them so the pin hole points to the
left. Place the parts from the previous step on top of the modified plates.
31. Gather two tan Technic axles with pins and insert the pins into the pin holes.
32. Finish the parts by connecting a black 12-tooth gear to each Technic axle.
33. Connect the parts to the clips protruding from the rear of the boat. The outboard motors can be angled
up or down, and the black gears represent propellers which can spin freely.
Next, we will build the crane! Again, this will be built as a separate part.
34. Find a black 1x4 plate and orient it horizontally.
35. Gather two black 1x2 hinge plates with two fingers and orient them horizontally, with one having the
fingers to the left and the other having the fingers to the right. Place them on top of the 1x4 plate so that
the fingers overhang to the left and right of the plate.
36. Take a blue 1x4 tile with black danger stripes and place it on top of the part. The danger stripes warn
that people should be careful around this heavy machinery!
37. Locate a white 1x2 hinge plate with one finger and orient it horizontally with the finger to the right.
Connect it to the subassembly by pushing the finger between the two black fingers until you hear a ‘click’.
38. Find a silver chain – this piece has two single studs connected by chain links. Connect one end of the
chain to the left stud of the hinge plate from the previous step.
39. Secure the chain by covering the studs with a blue 1x2 curved slope piece oriented horizontally and
curving down to the right.
40. At the right end of the crane arm, connect a dark grey hinge cylinder with one finger and an axle hole.
41. Add the crane to the boat by locating the vertical bar arm between the motors and sliding the bar into
the axle hole of the hinge cylinder. The crane can swing from side to side and bend up or down. The stud
on the end of the chain can be connected to the stud on the back of the minisub to carry it to and from the 
water, or it can be attached to a minifigure’s hand to help them back onto the boat. Perhaps it could even
be used as a giant fishing pole to lure the hammerhead shark!
42. Let’s put together the boat’s windscreen. Take the transparent blue windscreen element and orient it
horizontally with the studded 2x4 surface to the left. Next, find the orange 2x4 tile with the printed
Explorers logo and place it over the windscreen’s studs. Connect the windscreen to the boat by finding
the two fingers below and to the right of the mast and inserting them into the fingers on the left edge of
the windscreen. The parts are connected when you hear a ‘click’. The windscreen can hinge open so you
can access the cockpit and interior.
43. Gather three black bars with stud and three transparent clear 1x1 round tiles. Place a tile on each
stud to create three lights. Add the lights to the boat by inserting the bars into the three light grey round
1x1 plates with holes – one can be found at the front of the boat, to the right of the windscreen, and the
other two can be found at the left ends of the 1x10 curved slopes that lie either side of the windscreen.
Twist the lights in place so that the tiles face out from the boat to illuminate the surroundings.
Congratulations, you have finished building the diving boat! This sleek vessel is perfect for reaching
remote locations and dive sites, and is fully equipped with powerful engines, lights, a crane, and a
medical bay. Inside the boat is a crate for storing equipment and a cockpit with steering wheel and
dashboard. On the boat’s sides are two places for divers to stand immediately before beginning their
undersea adventure. A graphic at the end of the instruction booklet shows the pilot minifigure holding the
syringe at the rear of the boat as the hammerhead cruises by.
Open bag 3.
Assemble the female diver minifigure using the legs, torso, orange scuba tank, and head. Make her
helmet by clipping the transparent blue goggles over the dark blue helmet, making sure that the snorkel is
sloping up. Finish by giving the diver her flippers, which will help her swim more easily. The diver’s attire
is the same as her companion’s: she wears a dark blue wetsuit accented with orange and lighter blue
arms. Her eyebrows are angled, and her mouth is half-closed in an expression of determination – diving
is a difficult task! Turning her head around reveals a worried expression. Maybe she’s afraid of sharks! A
bright blue hairpiece is included for when the diver is on dry land.
Two sea turtles are included, one being a large turtle and the other being much smaller. Both turtles have
light brown shells and bright green skin. The large turtle has a 2x2 area on its belly which can attach to a
studded surface, and a single stud in the middle of its back. The small turtle can be placed on the back of
the big turtle using the 1x1 connection point on its belly.
For the final build of the set, we’ll create a colorful coral reef!
1. Take a dark tan 6x6 round plate and place it in front of you.
2. Collect a tan 2x2 brick and place it on the back two rows of the center column of studs.
3. Locate two blue 1x2 sloped bricks. Orient the first horizontally with the slope facing left and place it in
front of the 2x2 brick from the previous step so that the studs should form a Braille letter Q. Take the
second sloped brick and orient it horizontally with the slope facing right and place it to the right of the first
slope.
4. Gather two lime green 1x1 flower plates (these pieces are similar to 1x1 round plates and have five
small petals around the edge). Place them on either side of the slopes from the previous step to cover the
remaining studs in the row. Then, take a gold 1x1 round tile with crown coin pattern and place it in front of
the right sloped brick. There should be two empty studs to the right and three to the left of the tile. The tile
is printed with a crown like an ancient coin – perhaps this is the treasure the divers seek?
5. Find a dark orange 2x2 modified plate with single center stud and place it in the middle column of studs
in front of the coin tile from the last step.
6. Take the large arch piece and orient it horizontally. Connect the left end of the arch piece to the single
stud lying to the right of the 2x2 brick at the back of the round plate.
7. Collect a magenta 3x3 round corner plate and orient it with the round corner in the lower right. Secure
the arch piece in place by connecting the corner plate to the studded region formed by the 2x2 brick, two
sloped bricks, and the arch piece. The plate should not overhang the build to the back or to the left.
8. Next we will build the base for the other end of the arch. Take the dark tan 6x6 round plate and connect
a tan 2x2 brick at the back and in the middle of the plate. Then, find two blue 1x2 sloped bricks. Orient the
first horizontally with the slope facing to the left and connect it in front of the 2x2 brick so that the studs
form the Braille letter Q. Place the second sloped brick horizontally to the right of the first sloped brick with
the slope facing to the right. Finally, connect the part to the rest of the build by connecting the right end of
the arch piece to the stud to the left of the 2x2 brick. With the basic structure in place, we can start
making it look alive!
9. Find two lime green 1x1 flower plates and place them on either side of the sloped bricks. The flower
plates should be horizontally in line with the sloped bricks.
10. Make a part: take a 2x2 round dome brick and connect a star piece to the stud on top. This part could
be any number of sea creatures – is it an interesting coral, or an enormous anemone, or even a sea
sponge? Maybe it’s a new species entirely! Place the part in front of the sloped bricks in the middle of the
round plate.
11. Locate a magenta 3x3 round corner plate and orient it with the round corner in the lower left. Place the
corner plate on top of the 2x2 brick, sloped bricks, and arch piece to firmly secure them.
12. Take two dark orange 2x2 modified plates with single center stud. Place the first on the round corner
plate from the last step so that it covers the 2x2 of studs directly to the right of the arch piece. Connect
the second symmetrically at the left end of the arch.
13. Grab another pair of lime green 1x1 flower plates and place them on the center studs of the pieces
from the last step.
14. Find a coral pink 2x6 plate with two rounded corners and orient it horizontally with the rounded
corners towards you. Connect the piece to the middle of the arch so that it overhangs to the front by one
stud. There should be an empty stud on either side of the piece. This addition resembles a shelf of neon
pink coral.
15. To the right of the plate, place a brown 1x1 round plate with bar handle so that the bar handle faces
you.
16. Let’s add some plants to the scene! Locate a green seaweed piece – this piece has four vertical
fronds which branch away from the base. Orient the seaweed piece horizontally with the long fronds
rising upwards. Insert the small bar at the base of the piece into the hole in the top of the flower plate at
the far left of the build. Next, find a green plant stem – this piece feels like a thick bar with a curled end.
Place the plant stem on the far right flower plate. The scene is really coming alive now!
17. Return to the middle of the arch. Locate an orange 1x2 plate with single center stud and place it
across the brown 1x1 plate with bar handle and the coral pink 2x6 rounded plate. Two studs to the left,
connect a pink 1x1 round tile with bar sticking up from the center.
18. Find a green minifigure mop piece – this part has a bar hole in the top and textured sides flowing
down to rounded protrusions at the end, like the ropes of a mophead. Turn the piece upside-down and 
connect the bar hole to the pink tile with bar from the last step. The piece makes for a convincing clump of
seagrass! To the right, connect a bright light orange crab to the orange 1x2 plate with center stud. (The
crab’s claws can hold minifigure accessories and bars, and there is a place at the back of the crab where
a minifigure can grab the crustacean!)
19. Let’s build a piece of coral! Collect the coral pink coral piece and orient it with the single stud on top
facing away from you. Take a light grey bar with clip and insert the bar into the hollow stud in the upper
right. Then clip the light blue fish onto the part. Orient the fish however you like! Finally, add the coral to
the reef by inserting the bar at the bottom of the piece into flower plate at the left end of the arch.
20. Now we will make a second piece of coral to place at the other end of the arch. Collect the next group
of pieces. Find the turquoise coral piece and orient it with the top stud away from you. Take a light grey
bar with clip and insert it into the upper right hollow stud. Add another fish, this time a light yellowish
green, by attaching the tail to the bar with clip. Finish by inserting the bar at the base of the coral piece
into the flower plate at the right end of the arch.
21. The crown coin isn’t the only treasure to be found here – we’re about to add a treasure chest! Collect
the brown treasure chest bottom and the brown lid. Orient the chest bottom horizontally with the lower
wall at the back and hold the lid horizontally with the protruding nub in the front. Build the treasure chest
by aligning the lid on top with the nub inside the chest and lying against the front wall. Push down on the
back of the lid until you hear a ‘click’. The lid of the chest should be able to hinge open. Gather three gold
1x1 tiles with crown coin decoration and a gold goblet to stash inside the chest. Then place the assembly
on the dark orange 2x2 plate with single center stud on the left of the arch for the divers to find!
22. Make a part: collect the brown ship’s wheel and a dark grey clip with bar holder. Insert one of the
wheel’s spokes into the bar holder and orient the clip so that is vertical with respect to the wheel. Attach
the part to the brown 1x1 round plate with bar handle underneath the crab on the top of the arch. Hinge
the part down until it rests on the building surface. The presence of the wooden ship’s wheel suggests
that the treasure is the result of a shipwreck – maybe the rest of the ship is nearby!
Congratulations, you have finished building the coral reef! The reef is a vivid and vibrant place, brimming
with life in the form of fish, crabs, coral and sea plants like seaweed and seagrass. An illustration at the
end of the instructions shows our intrepid diver finding the treasure, which has scattered over the ocean
floor. The small turtle sits beneath the ship’s wheel – is it hiding, or is it trapped? Surely the divers will
help! The large turtle swims nearby, keeping close watch of the smaller creature.
The very last page of the instruction booklet shows the whole set. The male diver stands on the edge of
the diving boat, camera in hand, ready to take the plunge. The minisub approaches the reef, where the
female diver has found the treasure chest and investigates from a distance. The reef teems with life as
fish swim past, a crab perches atop the coral arch, and a stingray glides by. A pair of turtles slowly drift
through the arch, and a hammerhead shark lurks in the distance.
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!
At the end of the final instruction booklet are advertisements for 3 more LEGO City sets in the Explorers
subtheme: 
60368 – Arctic Explorer Ship
60378 – Arctic Explorer Truck and Mobile Lab
60379 – Deep-Sea Explorer Submarine