60375 Fire Station and Fire Truck
Set adapted by John Le and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
Spark kids’ imaginations with the LEGO® City Fire Station and Fire Truck (60375) playset, featuring a toy
firehouse with sleeping quarters, a garage, and a fun emergency slide. Kids also get a cool fire truck with
a flexible hose and roof ladder. Just add the popcorn cart, a few LEGO flames, and the vendor and
firefighter minifigures for hours of action-packed play.
What’s in the box? – Everything you need to build a toy fire station and fire truck, plus a popcorn cart,
LEGO flames and a vendor, and 2 firefighter minifigures
LEGO toy for nonstop firefighting fun – Includes a fun emergency slide for the firefighter minifigures and a
truck with a flexible toy hose and raisable ladder
A fun gift for kids aged 4+ – Give this playset as a birthday, holiday or any-day treat.
Dimensions – Fire Station measures over 8.5 in. (22 cm) high, 7 in. (18 cm) wide and 7 in. (19 cm) deep.
LEGO accessories add to the play – Minifigure accessories include a toy spade, axe, radio, and cup.
The front of the box shows a popcorn cart covered in flames! To the right is a panicked popcorn vendor
with his arms in the air. To the left of the popcorn cart is a firefighter, in her red truck, racing to extinguish
the fire with its flexible hose. In the background is the 2 story fire station where the first story is used for
parking and the second is the living quarters. Last, but not least, there is a firefighter, holding a purple
cup, sliding down a neon-yellow slide.
The back of the box displays all the separate builds, accessories, and minifigures that it comes with. It
shows how the fire truck’s hose can be moved around to put out flames and how the ladder can be
moved up and down. Lastly, it shows the popcorn vendor thanking the firefighter for putting out the fire on
his popcorn cart by waving his hand.
The top of the box shows the popcorn vendor giving some popcorn to the female firefighter while the male
firefighter is scooping up some fallen popcorn using a shovel.
The build is 153 pieces in total, for ages 4+. It includes three instruction books and three bags for three
different parts of the build. (155 pages total)
Bag 1 includes the fire truck, a flame, and a female firefighter.
Bag 2 includes the popcorn cart, popcorn vendor, and the first floor of the fire station.
Bag 3 includes the second floor of the fire station and a male firefighter.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we may be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Gap: part lower than the surrounding area.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front
wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back
wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be
placed symmetrically.
Note: When I say phrases along the lines of “2 studs in from the left”, I mean count two studs from the left
and place it on the second stud.

For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/60375) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
Sorting the pieces:

To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1,2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with 3 large bags labeled 1, 2, 3, and 3 instruction booklets. It also comes with an
unnumbered bag that contains the big/unique pieces. Open this bag and sort the pieces into the groups
as follows. The flexible hose should be added to group 4. One light grey baseplate, one dark grey
baseplate, and one neon yellow slide should be added to group 8. One more light grey baseplate should
be added to group 10. Sort the pieces into groups or piles as described below. Note that where there are
multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split into two groups to make telling the
difference easier for the builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these
into their own group away from the rest, in case you need them later. Note that there are LEGO pieces
that have printed designs on them that should be should be facing a certain way on the build and its
orientation can not be determined by touch, so ask your helper which sides of the tiles have the two white
circles or which way the circles are facing; make a mental note of the orientation of the tiles for later.
The steps that include printed tiles are as follows:
Book 1, pages 17 and 35.
Book 2, pages 9 and 19.
Book 3, pages 9, 21, and 39.
Since this is a 4+ LEGO set, there are no numbered steps, so I will identify steps by page numbers
according to the instruction books.
Bag 1 of 3 (4 groups of bricks)
Group 1 contains the pieces for pages 6-7. (Female firefighter minifigure).
Group 2 contains the pieces for pages 8-9. (Flame).
Group 3 contains the pieces for pages 10-25. (Firetruck part 1).
Group 4 contains the pieces for pages 26-53. (Firetruck part 2).
Bag 2 of 3 (4 groups of bricks)
Group 5 contains the pieces for pages 4-5. (Popcorn vendor minifigure).
Group 6 contains the pieces for pages 6-7. (Popcorn on fire).
Group 7 contains the pieces for pages 8-21. (Popcorn cart on fire).
Group 8 contains the pieces for pages 22-51. (Fire station floor 1).
Bag 3 of 3 (4 groups of bricks)
Group 9 contains the pieces for pages 4-5. (Male firefighter minifigure).
Group 10 contains the pieces for pages 6-11. (Top floor part 1).
Group 11 contains the pieces for pages 12-41. (Top floor part 2).
Group 12 contains the pieces for pages 42-51. (Top floor part 3).
Let’s get to building!
Building Instructions (Bag 1):
Group 1 — Firefighter Minifigure

6-7. Assemble the firefighter Minifigure by using the black legs, firefighter uniform torso, female head, and
neon yellow helmet. Insert the walkie-talkie into her hand.
Group 2 — Fire
8. Locate the transparent orange 2x2 circular piece with a stud on top, transparent orange 1x1 cone, and
transparent orange flame.
9. Assemble the fire by connecting the flame to the top of the cone, then placing the cone on top of the
2x2 circular piece.
Group 3 — Fire Truck Part 1
10. Locate the big dark grey car frame that has 4 pegs and a 1x4 light grey smooth arch piece.
11. Place the dark grey car frame horizontally in front of you so that there are 2 pegs pointing toward you
and 2 pointing away from you. On the left side of the frame there should be 8 studs, Attach the light grey
arch on the bottom 4 studs so that there is no overhang.
12. Locate 4 black rubber tires and 4 white cylinders.
13. Assemble the wheels by pushing each of the cylinders into each of the rubber wheels.
14. The wheels will have two sides, one with an indent and one without. The side without an indent will be
connected to the pegs of the frame.
15. Put each of the wheels into each of the pegs on the dark grey car frame.
16. Locate two 2x2 red L-shaped bricks and 1 2x4 printed tile.
17. Symmetrically place the two L-shaped bricks in the top left corner and the bottom left corner of the top
of the frame so that it aligns perfectly with the edge of the frame and leaves a 1x2 gap 1 stud from the
left. Then place the 2x4 tile on the 4 studs on the left side of the frame so that there are no studs leftover.
This printed piece represents the front of the car showing the front lights and the grill of the car.
18. Locate a white steering wheel, a 2x2 yellow plate, and a 1x2 transparent blue smooth tile.
19. Place the steering wheel in the gap you created so that the wheel is facing towards the right. Then
place the 2x2 plate to the right of the steering wheel. Then vertically place the 1x2 smooth tile to the right
of this piece. 
20. Locate a 2x3 green brick.
21. Horizontally place this brick to the right of the transparent blue tile we just placed.
22. Locate 2 1x3 red elongated L-shaped panels. This piece has a bench-like feel.
23. Symmetrically and horizontally place each panel 3 studs in from the left with the thin walls facing
outwards on the front and back.
24. Locate a blue chair.
25. Place this chair to the left of the steering wheel you placed in step 19 so that the back of the chair
faces the right.
Group 4 — Fire Truck Part 2
26. Locate a 1x4 light grey smooth arch piece and a 1x4 dark grey elongated L-shaped panel.
27. Place the arch on the 4 bottom studs of the right side of the frame so that there is no overhang. Then
place the panel above on the 4 top studs so that there is no overhang and that the thin wall is touching
the arch.
28. Locate a 1x4x4 red frame and two grey smooth rectangular shutter pieces that have a handle.
29. Feel for the inner walls of the sides of the frame. Make sure that the thinner sides are facing toward
you. Make the window by lining up the shutter pieces with the frame so that the handles are toward the
middle of the frame and facing towards you and then push to clip them on.
30. Grab the structure you just made.
31. Horizontally place this structure on the top of the dark grey car frame on the side facing away from
you with the shutters facing out so that 1 stud on the far right is exposed. To check that it is correctly
placed, make sure that the shutters open outwards away from the car.
32. Locate a 2x4x4 red frame.
33. Place this piece in front of the frame you just placed so that all sides of both frames align.
34. Locate a 1x4x4 red printed brick, a 1x2 red brick with 2 studs on 1 side, and a 1x1x4 brick with two
holder clips.
35. Horizontally place the 1x4x4 brick in front of the last frame you placed. Ensure that the sticker is
facing out and visible. Place the 1x1x4 brick with holder clips on the side facing away from you on the top
right of the car frame ensuring that clips are facing towards the right. Then vertically place the 1x2 brick
with studs on the side in front of the piece you just placed with the 2 studs facing towards the right.
36. Locate another 1x1x4 red brick with holder clips and a 1x2x3 red brick.
37. Vertically place the 1x2x3 brick on top of the last brick you placed so that there is no overhang. Then
place the 1x1x4 brick in front of the last brick you placed with the clips facing towards the right.
38. Locate two dark grey bars and 2 light grey 1x2 plates with 1 stud and 1 holder clip on top.
39. Symmetrically attach the two bars to the two 1x1x4 red bricks with holder clips so that each end of the
bar is attached to the holder clips. Orient both holder clip plates so that the clips are on the left side. Then
horizontally place 1 on the right side on the second stud in from the back-right corner. There should be no
overhang. Then place the other plate right in front of this one.
40. Locate two 2x2 smooth yellow L-shaped tiles and two 1x2 smooth curved steps.
41. Vertically place the 2 curved steps on the right side of the top so that it curves down towards and
away from you. Doing this should create an arch. Then place the 2 L-shaped tiles symmetrically next to
the curved pieces so that it surrounds the holder clips.
42. Locate two 2x2 smooth yellow tiles.
43. Place these two tiles to the left of the tiles you just placed leaving no overhang.
44. Locate the 2x4x3 transparent clear window and 3 1x2 transparent blue smooth tiles.
45. Place the window on the left of the top so that the bottom of the window aligns with the 6 studs
perfectly. Then place the 3 1x2 tiles on the top of the window so they cover all the studs.
46. Locate a black ladder.
47. Orient the ladder so that the clips are on the left side then clip the right side of the ladder on the clips
on the right side of the roof.
48. Locate a long light grey hose, a light grey T-shaped bar, and a light blue flame. This flame represents
the water coming out of the hose.
49. Orient the T-shaped bar so that the circular edge pointis down towards the floor, then attach the hose
to the right of the bar and the flame to the left.
50. Grab the water hose you just created.
51. Turn the car clockwise 90 degrees so that the back of the car is now facing you. Then feel for the two
studs on the side closest to you then place the backend of the hose to the right stud.
52. Hold the hose in your hand.
53. Attach the T-shaped bar with the circular end to the right clip of the ladder.
Congratulations, you have now finished the fire truck!
Building Instructions (Bag 2):
Group 5 — Popcorn Vendor Minifigure
4-5. Assemble the popcorn vendor Minifigure by using the dark blue legs, vertically striped white,
turquoise blue, red torso, male head, and light brown hair.
Group 6 — Popcorn on Fire
6-7. Assemble the popcorn on fire by connecting the transparent orange flame to the top of the
transparent orange cone. Then attach the bottom of the cone to the top of the 1x1 popcorn printed brick.
Group 7 — Popcorn Vendor Cart
8. Locate one red 2x4 brick and white 1x2 cash register printed slope.
9. Place red brick horizontally in front of you so that the long side is running left to right. Then vertically
place the slope on the right two studs of the brick so that the slope is going down towards you.
10. Locate one white 2x3x2 cabinet brick, one transparent light blue 2x3 glass, and one 1x1 light orange
ice cream top. This piece feels like a bunch of spheres on top of each other. This piece is the popcorn
kernels.
11. Orient the glass so the handle is pointing towards you and on the right. Align the left side of the glass
with the inner wall of the cabinet and push it in to connect it. Then put the light orange ice cream top in it
and close the cabinet.
12. Grab the cabinet with popcorn inside.
13. Horizontally place it on the red brick with the opening facing you.
14. Locate one red plate with two pegs sticking out of it on either side and two wheels.
15. Place the top of the plate on the left underside so that all 4 studs are connected. Then symmetrically
connect the wheels to the pegs on the front and back of the build by pushing the middle of the wheel into
the peg.
16. Locate one 1x1 dark grey cylinder.
17. Flip over the build so the wheels are on the left side. Then place the stud of the dark grey cylinder by
pushing it into the right-side middle hole of the red 2x4 brick. After doing this, flip it over again, returning it
to its original position.
18. Locate one transparent orange flame, one transparent orange cone, one light orange ice cream top,
and one 1x1 popcorn-printed brick.
19. Place the cone on the rightmost stud on the build, then place the flame on top of this piece. Place the
1x1 brick on the front left stud so that the popcorn print is facing toward you. Then place the ice cream top
on top of this piece.
20-21. Congratulations, you have now made the popcorn vendor and the popcorn cart!
Group 8 - Building Floor 1
22. Locate the 8x16 light grey baseplate and two red 1x4 smooth tiles. This baseplate should have studs
everywhere on the top and 6 gaps along the outside of the baseplate. (gap means lower than the rest)
23. Place the 8x16 baseplate horizontally in front of you so that the long side runs from left to right. Then
vertically place the smooth tile three studs down on the left side so that it fills the 1x4 gap. Symmetrically
place the other 1x4 smooth tile so that it fills the gap on the right side.
24. Locate two neon yellow 2x8 bricks.
25. Vertically and symmetrically place these two bricks on the leftmost side and rightmost side so that
there is no overhang.
26. Locate two 4x8 dark grey slopes with a 1x4 piece sticking out.
27. Horizontally attach the 1x4 piece sticking out of the slope to the back of the baseplate 3 studs from
the left. Then place the other slope to the right of this piece so that both gaps are filled.
28. Locate two 2x8x8 red frames.
29. Symmetrically and vertically place these frames on top of the neon yellow 2x8 bricks so that there is
no overhang. To make sure it is placed correctly, check if there is a 1x6 gap on either side on the inside
of the build and not on the outside.
30. Locate 4 black 2x2 L-shaped smooth tiles.
31. Align these tiles with the edges of the frames you just place so that there is no overhang. The Lshaped tile should fit perfectly with the frame.
32. Locate two light grey 2x4 smooth tiles.
33. Horizontally place these tiles in the gaps on the side closest to you so that it overhangs by 1x4.
34. Locate one 8x16 dark grey baseplate. This piece should be smooth and have 6 gaps with studs on
the edges and one 2x4 gap with studs in the middle.
35. Horizontally hold this baseplate and attach the overhang from the last steps to the gaps on the
backside.
36. Locate one 2x4 smooth light grey tile.
37. Vertically place this tile in the 2x4 gap in the center of the dark grey baseplate.
38. Locate 2 2x2 bricks with holes on the sides.
39. Place these two pieces in the 1x4 gap on the right side of the dark grey baseplate so that the side
with the hole is overhanging.
40. Locate 4 1x3 red slopes.
41. Horizontally hold the slope so that the curve goes down towards the left. Then place the bottom of the
studded part on the raised stud of the piece you just placed in the last step. This should be done 3 more
times so that it covers all of the 2 2x2 bricks with holes on the sides.
42. Locate one neon yellow slide.
43. Place the bottom of the slide on the top of the 4 studs of the slopes you just placed. The top of the
slide should align with the top of the frame and click into place with the 1x4 gap.
44. Locate 1 circular black fence with two studs on top.
45. Vertically place this piece in the gap on the left side of the dark grey baseplate.
46. Locate one 1x4 black plate, a light grey shovel, and a black axe.
47. Vertically place the 1x4 plate in the gap on the top of the red frame on the left side. Insert the end of
the shovel into the farther fence hole. Then insert the axe into the closer fence hole.
48. Locate two more dark grey 4x8 slopes with a 1x4 part sticking out.
49. Place the 1x4 parts into the two gaps closest to you.
50-51. You have finished the bottom part of the fire station!
Building Instructions (Bag 3):
Group 9 — Firefighter Minifigure
4-5. Assemble the male firefighter Minifigure using the black firefighter uniform printed legs, black
firefighter uniform printed torso, male head, and helmet. Then put the walkie-talkie in his left hand and the
pink cup in his right.
Group 10 — Top floor part 1
6. Locate one light grey 8x16 baseplate and two 1x4 smooth tiles with 2 studs on it, 1 on each side.
7. Place the baseplate horizontally in front of you. Then horizontally place the two 1x4 tiles on the back of
the baseplate.
8. Locate one 2x8x8 red frame and one transparent light blue printed glass.
9. Orient the frame so the 1x8 studded top runs horizontally and is facing away from you. Then align the
glass with the frame so that the print is facing towards you and press the corners in to lock it into place.
10. Take this piece into hand.
11. Make sure your piece is still aligned in the same orientation from step 9. Then place this frame on the
back right of the baseplate so that the sides align and there is no overhang.
Group 11 — Top floor part 2
12. Locate one 2x8x8 red frame and one transparent light blue glass.
13-15. Repeat the process for how you placed the glass into the frame from the last step. Then
horizontally place it next to the last frame you placed so that the sides align with the baseplate.
16. Locate two 2x8 black plates.
17. Place these on top of the last two frames you placed so that the entire top of the frames is covered.
18. Locate one 1x4x4 red frame.
19. Horizontally place this in the middle of the two plates you placed in the last step on the studs farthest
from you. There should be 6 free studs on either side of this piece.
20. Locate one 1x4x4 printed brick.
21. Ensure that the print is facing towards you then horizontally place it in front of the last frame you
placed. Again, there should be 6 studs free on either side of the brick.
22. Locate two 2x2x4 red slopes.
23. Place the slopes to the left and to the right of the last two pieces you placed so that there is no gap
between the pieces and no overhang. You should end up with a trapezoidal shape.
24. Locate two neon yellow 2x2 smooth tiles and 1 black 2x2 smooth tile with a circular peg sticking out
of the top.
25. On top of the last 4 pieces you placed, there should be a 2x6 studded area. Place the 2x2 neon
yellow tiles on either side with no overhang. Then place the black pegged tile in between them leaving no
overhang.
26. Locate two 1x4 transparent light blue smooth tiles and one 2x4 light grey plate with a hole engraved
under it.
27. Place the smooth tiles pieces on top of the 2x4 plate so that it covers all the studs.
28. Hold the piece you just created.
29. Stick the hole into the black 2x2 pegged tile on the top of the build. You just built a radar dish for the
station!
30. Locate two neon yellow 1x2 tiles with a singular stud in the middle. 
31. Horizontally place on the very left and right of the build, 2 studs down from the back. There should be
no overhang.
32. Locate a black antenna and a light grey speaker piece that has inverted cones sticking out on 3 sides.
33. Place the bottom of the antenna on the 1x2 tile you placed on the right side. Then place the bottom of
the speaker piece on top of the 1x2 tile on the left side so that the non-inverted cone side is facing away
from you.
34. Locate one 1x6 dark grey brick.
35. Horizontally place it in the 1x6 gap made by the 2x8x8 red frame on the right side.
36. Locate one grey 1x4 smooth tile with studs on either side of it and one 1x1 red brick with a holder clip.
37. Place the 1x1 holder clip brick on the rightmost side of the brick you just placed with the clip pointing
towards you. Then vertically place the 1x4 dark grey tile in the gap on the left side of the baseplate.
38. Locate one blue chair and one 1x2 white keyboard printed smooth tile.
39. Place the keyboard tile on the 1x6 dark grey brick so that there is a 1 stud gap between this tile and
the red holder clip brick. Ensure that the keyboard is facing the right way, Place the chair in front of the
keyboard so that the back of the chair is pointing towards you.
40. Locate one 2x8 tan brick.
41. Place this brick on the leftmost side in front of the red 2x8x8 frame. Make sure that there is a 3-stud
gap between this brick and the blue chair.
Group 12 — Top floor part 3
42. Now time to make the bunkbeds for our firefighters! Locate two tan 1x2x4 carved-out bricks, one 2x4
dark turquoise smooth tile, and one white 2x2 smooth tile.
43. Vertically place the two tan 1x2x4 carved-out bricks on top and on either side of the 2x8 tan brick so
that the wall is pointing outwards. Then place the 2x4 smooth tile to the right of the left brick you placed.
Then place the 2x2 smooth tile to the right of this tile.
44. Locate a tan 2x8 plate.
45. Horizontally place the ends on top of the carved-out bricks.
46. Locate two 1x2 tan L-shaped smooth tiles and one 2x4 dark turquoise smooth tile, and one white 2x2
smooth tile.
47. Vertically place the L-shaped smooth tile on the left of the piece you just placed so that the wall is
facing to the left. Horizontally place the 2x4 tile to the right of this tan tile. Then place the white 2x2 tile to
the right of this tile. Then place the other L-shaped smooth tile to the right of the tile you just placed
making sure that the wall is facing the right. 
48. Locate two black fence pieces.
49. Horizontally place the fence pieces in the two gaps facing towards you.
50-51. Lastly, place this build on top of the last build you created making sure that the frames align with
each other and that there is no overhang.
Congratulations, you have finished the Fire Station and Fire Truck build!
The next page shows ads for 5 city-themed LEGO sets.
60372 - City Police Training Academy
This ad shows police officers training by doing an obstacle course that includes climbing a wall, monkey
bars, and a zipline. Another officer is seen practicing with a punching bag and one is seen riding around
cones with a 4-wheel ATV.
60373 - City Fire Rescue Boat
This set shows a fire rescue boat rescuing a green boat that's on fire. One can be seen using a jetpack
spraying water at the boat to rid it of its fire. A firefighter on the boat uses a megaphone to get the civilian
to jump off the burning boat to come to theirs.
60369 - City Mobile Police Dog Training
This ad shows a police vehicle hauling a trailer with dog equipment. They stopped by in the woods to train
the dogs and feed them food and give them bones as a treat. In the grass, a dog pooped and left behind
a nice surprise for the officers to find and clean!
60370 - City Police Station Chase
This set comes with a gate area with a control center and jail attached. A person on a motorcycle
attaches their chain to the prison gate to pull it off and help the prisoner escape while an officer rushes to
catch the motorcyclist in their car! In the background, there is an officer that let his dog loose to catch the
prisoner. He is definitely not getting too far!
60374 - City Fire Command Truck
This set shows a fire truck with a group of firefighters putting out an electrical fire that some construction
workers have been working on. One is controlling a drone that sprays water at the fire. One is rushing to
the fire with a fire axe. The truck has a blaster that shoots water to the fire to put it out too!