60347 Grocery Store
This LEGO® City Grocery Store (60347) set is stocked with everything kids need for imaginative shop
play. The toy supermarket is stocked with all kinds of produce and comes with an EV, forklift truck, and
shopping cart. Kids can also attach the store's Road Plate parking lot to other LEGO playsets for
extended play, and the 5 minifigures include LEGO City Adventures TV series character Mr. Produce.
Kids can transport crates with the toy forklift, display produce, load the recycling container and connect
to other LEGO® City playsets via the included Road Plate. Lots of room for shopping play - When built,
the Grocery Store measures over 4 in. (11 cm) high, 14 in. (36 cm) wide and 5 in. (13 cm) deep. This
Grocery Store playset comes with a toy shopping cart, fish, bread and diverse fruits and veggies.
The front of the box has a picture of the grocery store and all the minifigures, vehicles, and grocery
items you will be building! The back of the box has a picture of the inside of the store with 2 customers,
and one clerk, and shelves loaded with products for sale. There are many pictures of the forklift in
action, loading veggies and bottles into the store. Another scene is a girl buying flowers from the clerk.
The final picture shows the man and woman minifigures loading their car with the items they have
purchased: carrots, a tomato, flowers, a loaf of bread and a croissant!
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
§
Open Bag 1
Minifigure Assembly
1. First we'll build the female forklift driver - She'll need a hard hat and a yellow, red and grey vest to be
seen! Find her head in the yellow bag and place it on top of a yellow torso with attached hands. Then
attach a pair of blue pants onto the bottom of the torso. Find a white pony-tail-with-hard-hat and put it
onto her head. She's done and is now ready to drive the forklift!
2. Mr. Produce - Now we'll build Mr. Produce, the grocer. He wears a bright orange bib with a bright
green letter "e" on the front. To build him, place his brown hair onto a yellow head, then place the head
onto the tan torso. Then place the head-and-torso onto tan pants, which also have some orange bib on
them. Mr. Produce is done, and ready to run his store!
Next, we'll build a basket with produce in it:
1. Find a Brown 4x3 crate and put it horizontally on the table.
2. Put a brown 2x3 plate horizontally underneath the crate in the middle.
3. Take two Red Pumpkins and place one dark green carrot leaf into the top of each pumpkin. The
pumpkins will go into the crate you just built.
The crate is done! Now shoppers can grab a pumpkin or carry the crate into the store.
Now let's build the Electric Vehicle (EV for short.)
1. Find a black 4x7 vehicle base with wheel connectors and place it horizontally on the table in front of
you, so that two of the connectors face you.
2. Put two red 1x3 plates, one horizontally on the front row in the middle, and one symmetrically on the
back row in the middle. The raised 2x2 parts at the left and right of the car should be empty.
3. Put two grey 2x2 plates, one on the left raised 2x2 at the left side of the car, and the other
symmetrically at the right.
4. Take a grey 2x1 with steering wheel and place it vertically to the right of the left 2x2 plate, with the
wheel facing right, there should be 4 free studs to the right, that's where the driver will sit.
5. Find two red car 1x3 doors, (they look like 1x1 cylinders with a car door with handle attached to them)
and put one horizontally in front of the steering wheel, door handle to the front right, and the other one
symmetrically to the back, door handle to the back right.
6. Find two red 2x2 mudguards, (these are 2x2 plates with flat shallow wheel arches attached to them,
and a raised 2x1 at the front and back of each one.) Place them vertically at the left and right of the car,
so that their arches are above the axles.
7. Now we'll build the car's front bumper. This is a separate part which we'll attach to our car a little later.
 a. First, find a red 1x2 - 2x4 bracket plate; this plate has a 1x2 plate at the top, and a 2x4 plate on the
side, and put it horizontally on the table, side studs towards you. Find a 4x1 curved piece-- this piece
has a 2x1 indentation in the bottom and no studs on it. Apply a Sticker 2 onto it. The sticker is a license
plate number: "JM60347", the same number as this set! Put this piece horizontally onto the bottom side
studs of your bracket.
 b. Put a red 1x2 plate with a middle stud, horizontally above the previous piece onto the top row of
side studs, in the middle.
 c. Find a white round 1x1 tile and put it onto the stud of the previous piece. Find two translucent blue
1x1 round tiles and put one to the left, and the other to the right of the previous 1x2 plate with a middle
stud.
 d. Turn your part so that the bumper is to the left, and attach it to your car, vertically on the left end,
attaching to the 2x1 space on the left end of the left Mudguard piece.
8. Now let's build the rear bumper; it will be a separate part that we'll be attaching to our car a little later.
 a. Take a red 1x2 - 2x4 bracket (the same kind of piece we just used for our front bumper) and put it
horizontally on the table side studs facing you. Find a curved 1x4 slope (the same kind of piece we just
used for our front bumper) and apply a sticker 2 to it. The sticker is a license plate number: "JM60347",
with the same number as this set!
 b. Put a grey 1x2 grille tile horizontally above the previous piece in the middle.
 c. Place two red 1x1 tiles, one to the left, and one to the right of the previous piece.
 d. Turn your part so that the bumper faces to the right and place it vertically on the right end of the car.
9. Place a red 1x4 tile vertically on the front bumper.
10. Put 2 blue windshields onto the car-- place one blue windshield on the rear mudguard where the
inside faces the middle and another one around the steering wheel to the right of the 1x4 tile you just
placed.
11. Put a smooth curved 4x4 roof plate with two studs on top of the windshields, with the two studs
facing the rear bumper. This is the car's roof.
12. Take 4 dark grey wheels and place 4 black tires onto them. Connect the wheels to the axles on the
car.
13. Your Electric Car is done! Great work! Now place the man you built earlier inside the car.
Now, let's build our forklift!
1. Find a black 4x7 vehicle base with wheel connectors and place it horizontally on the table.
2. Put 2 light grey 1x3 plates horizontally, one onto the front row in the middle, and the other one
symmetrically at the back.
3. Take an orange 1x1 tile and place it in the middle of one of the previous pieces. Find two orange 1x2
pieces that curve up and have a 1x1 stud at the top and place them horizontally next to the 1x1 orange
tile facing away from each other, one piece's top stud will be at the left, while the other's top stud will be
at the right.
4. Place a tan 2x2 plate with two studs vertically the studs aligned to the edge of the 1x3 light grey
plates. The studs of the piece placed will be facing the right side of the axels on the car frame.
5. Place a 1x2 tan brick vertically on the opposite end between the grey 1x3 pieces.
6. Find two black 2x2 low profile bricks (these pieces are slightly shorter than a 2x2 brick, and have
horizontal lines etched into the sides of them, so the sides feel rougher.) and place them on top of the
front and rear axles, on the left and right ends of the forklift.
7. Place 2 black 1x2 plates with square hinges horizontally one in front of the other skipping our leftmost
column, hinges to the left.
8. Skip the rightmost column of your structure and put a tan 2x1 plate vertically there.
9. Take an orange 1x1 tile and place it in the middle of the back 1x3 light grey plate. Find two orange
1x2 pieces that curve up and have a 1x1 stud at the top and place them horizontally next to the 1x1
orange tile facing away from each other-- one's top stud will be at the left, and the other's top stud will be
at the right.
10. Place a grey steering wheel in between the walls and on top of the hinge plates at the left.
11. Put a black a 1x4 tile vertically on the very left end of your forklift, with the frontmost and rearmost
button overhanging.
12. Take two orange 1x2-2x2 top angle plates (brackets) and put them vertically on the right end, side
studs to the right. They will only attach by one stud, but that's OK.
13. Place two 1x2 light grey 2x1 plates with top clip horizontally in the middle of the right edge, clips to
the right.
14. Place a yellow 1x2 tile horizontally on the top row of side studs at the right, in the middle
15. Place two orange 1x1 round tiles next to the previous piece, one in front of the previous piece, and
the other behind it. Place a black 1x4 sloped piece horizontally below the previous pieces, still on the 
side studs, it's the same type of piece we used for the bumpers of our electric car, but this one is printed
with black and yellow caution stripes.
16. Place two orange 1x2 tiles horizontally next to the 1x2 clip plates, one to the front of the front plate
and one behind the back plate.
17. Place a dark grey 1x2 sloped tile vertically next to the rear clips with the high point facing the rear
clips.
18. Place two orange 1 x 1 tiles next to the hinges at the left, on the 1x1 studs.
19. Assemble the forklift
 a. Find a black forklift rail and slide a dark grey forklift fork from the bottom, slide the forks all the way
up, and make sure that they're lined up with the rails and not wiggling loosely in the rails.
Your rail should be oriented so that the band hook is at the top, and the hinges are at the bottom right
 b. Attach a white rubber band to the band hook on the rails and the fork.
 c. Attach the assembled fork-and-rails to the left side of your forklift, so that the forks are on top, and
the hinges are on the bottom right.
20. Take a black roll cage with 2x2 studs on the top and place an orange 1x1 oval bulb on the left back
stud on the roll-cage. (This is bulb represents a light on the forklift.) Attach the roll-cage to the clips at
the right of the structure.
21. Take 4 dark grey wheels and place 4 black tires on them. These tires attach to the axels of the
forklift.
22. Place the basket of pumpkins on the forklift and place the female driver inside forklift. The forklift is
complete!
Now, let's build the grocery store.
Open Bag 2
First, let's build the young girl/daughter minifigure
1. Take a yellow head with a smile and freckles and place it on a pink torso. She is wearing a blue, white
and pink sweater with stripes.
2. Place torso and head on grey short legs.
3. Place brown girl hair on top of the head.
Now let's build the Dad minifigure
1. Place a yellow head onto the yellow torso. He is wearing a yellow
patterned shirt with a triangle pattern.
2. Place torso and head onto blue legs. This minifigure has one prosthetic leg which is grey.
3. Place light brown hair on top of his head.
4. Place a white 1 x 2 tile into his hand. This tile is printed with the shopping list he and his daughter are
looking for! Too bad the print is so small, we cannot read the actual items, so you will have to make
them up yourself!
Pea Girl Assembly - The "Pea Girl" is wearing a green costume that makes her look like a giant vertical
pea pod, with her face showing through at the top. She holds a sign to bring customers into the store.
The sign says, "Be Ha-Pea!", That's pretty funny, don't you think?
1. Take a yellow head with a big smile and place it on a green torso.
2. Place the torso and head on a green pair of legs.
3. Place the green pea costume over her head and slide it all the way down.
4. Take a white 2x3 plate with a horizontal bar in the back and place the "Be Ha-Pea!" sticker, 2x3 top of
the plate.
5. The Pea girl will hold the sign.
6. Pea girl has black hair as well, that she can wear when she isn't wearing the pea pod costume.
Now let's build a shopping cart:
1. Take brown bucket and attach 2 black plastic wheel sets to the bottom
of basket.
2. Fill bucket with blue grapes, red apple, yellow banana, and brown bread.
3. Dad and daughter push the cart.
Now let's build the actual grocery store:
1. Find a light grey 16x16 baseplate.
2. Find two 1x4x3 bricks and place them on the leftmost column starting from the back, vertically one in
front of the other. They should occupy 1x8 space.
3. Place a dark grey grate horizontally in front of the previous piece, with its right stud protruding to the
right. Put a 2x2 tile with one stud in front of the previous piece, then put a grey 1x2 grille tile horizontally
in front.
4. Put a white 1x2 brick horizontally in front then put a dark grey 2x1 grille tile horizontally in front.
5. Place a dark green 1x2x2 brick vertically to the right of the 1x2 brick's right stud and to the front. Put
two dark grey 2x1 bricks with vertical and horizontal lines one behind the other, behind the previous
piece, vertically vertical lines to the left, horizontal lines to the right.
6. Place three grey 1x2 grille tiles horizontally to the right of previous piece front stud, in a row, short
side to short side. Put another green 1x2x2 brick vertically to the right, it's front stud to the right of the
rightmost grille tile.
7. Place 4 dark green 2x2 tiles in front of the grates and 1x2x2 dark green bricks. The left column of the
leftmost tile should be in front of the left 1x2x2 brick, and the rightmost column of the right 2x2 tile
should be in front of the right 1x2x2 brick.
8. Now let's build the store's door:
 a. Find a white 1x6 door frame
 b. Insert a stickered door into the right side of the frame. The sticker is #1 and says "OPEN".
 c. Insert blue door into the left side of the frame.
 d. Place two lime green 1x1 round plates on the studs where a door handle would be on each of the
doors.
 e. Place the door behind grates so that it opens towards you.
9. Place two dark grey 1x2 grille tiles horizontally to the right of the right 1x2x2 brick's front button.
10. Place a white 2x2 brick behind the left horizontal 2x1 grille tile you just placed, then place a white
2x10 brick horizontally to the right of the previous piece, to that it's connected by 4 columns of studs, the
other 6 overhanging to the right.
11. Place a light grey 16x8 plate vertically under the white 2x10 brick aligned in the middle.
12. Place a white 12x1 brick vertically to the right of the 10x2 brick, aligned at the front. Place a white
2x2 corner brick behind the previous piece, like the braille letter D, so that its right column creates a
vertical 2-stud column in the back right corner of your structure. 
13. Place a dark grey 2x4 plate vertically in front of the previous piece's right column with one column
overhanging to the right. Place a white 2x1 brick vertically in front of the last piece's left column.
14. Place a white 2x1 brick vertically in front of the previous piece. Then place a dark grey 2x4 plate
vertically in front of the previous piece, the same way you placed the 2x4 plate earlier.
15. Stack two white 1x4 plates and place them vertically on the left column of the back 4x2 plate, the
right column of the 4x2 plate should remain free.
16. Stack 2 white 3x1 plates and place them vertically on the left column of the front 2x4 plate so that
the plate's left front stud remains free.
17. Rotate plate 180 degrees. The door should now be at the back. Find the 2x2 brick in the front left
corner of your structure and put a dark grey 1x2 grille tile horizontally to the right of its front row. Put an
orange 1x4 brick vertically behind the previous piece's left column
18. Place two orange 2x4 bricks vertically to the right of the previous piece. long side to long side, next
to each other.
19. Place a dark grey 2x4 tile vertically to the right of the right 2x4 orange brick.
20. Place two light grey 1x6 plates one horizontally the front edge of the orange bricks starting at the
left, (there should be a 2x1 brick slightly lower in front of this piece at the left, and the other one
symmetrically at the back. Place two dark grey 1x6 tiles horizontally in front of the previous piece, long
side to long side, both on the orange bricks. Place a yellow 1x4 tile vertically to the right of the previous
pieces, on the right edge of the orange bricks. It's printed with black and yellow diagonal caution stripes.
21. Place two dark grey 1x6 tiles horizontally on top of the light grey 1x6 plates, you placed in the
beginning of the previous step. Place two dark green 1x2x2 bricks horizontally, one on the front two
studs at the left, in front of the grey 6x1 tile, and the other one symmetrically behind the back 6x1 grey
tile.
22. Rotate your structure 180 degrees, so that your front door is at the front. Place a Lime green 1x3
inverted arch horizontally to the right of the 1x2x2 brick that's to the right of the front door, to the right of
the 1x2x2's back stud, arch to the right. Put the other arch vertically on the right wall in front of the
horizontal 2x1x2 brick's right stud, arch to the front.
23. Go to the 3x1 inverted arch at the front. Place a lime green 1x4 tile to the right of it, horizontally on
the front row. Repeat. Then place a lime green 1x2 tile horizontally to the right. Then place a lime green
1x4 tile vertically to the right of the previous piece and to the back. It should be right in front of the right
3x1 inverted arch.
24. Place three 1x6x6 blue windows, place the first one horizontally behind the front 3x1 inverted arch, s
that its left column is behind the stud of the 3x1 inverted arch, square frame to the back. Put the second
window horizontally to the right of the previous piece. Put the third window vertically to the right and to
the back, square frame to the left, glass to the right.
25. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees. Locate a black 1x2 bottom hinge plate and clip the black
2x2 top hinge plate so that the hinge plate slants down and to the front. Turn this assembly vertically so
that the hinged plate is to the right and place it two studs back from the back 6x1 tile and place this
assembly vertically to the right of the left vertical window. Make sure the plate is able to hinge side to
side and bend it to the right as far as it will go.
26. Locate a brown 3x4 crate and orient it vertically. Place a brown 2x3 plate horizontally centered
underneath the crate brick. Locate the six bottle 1x1 bricks and place them into the crate by connecting 
them to the studs inside the crate. Two of the bottles are clear, two are grey and two are green. Place
the crate brick vertically onto the hinge brick so that the right two rows of the 2x3 go onto the black 2x2.
27. Locate two green 2x2 trash can bricks and place them each onto one of the two orange 2x2 plates
and place these two trash cans side by side horizontally in front of the right four studs of the window at
the back in the middle (the one to the left of the door.)
28. You thought they were trash cans. It turns out they're bread baskets! Put the two baguette pieces
(one is white, and one is brown) and two croissant pieces into the two bins we placed in the last step.
29. Now, we'll build the store's cash register. Locate an orange 2x4 brick and orient it horizontally. Place
a white 2x4 plate horizontally directly onto the previous piece. Place a white 2x2 sloped brick onto the
left two columns of the 2x4, sloping down forward, towards you. This is the cash register's keypad.
Place a blue translucent 1x2 wall element horizontally onto the 2x2's two studs, with the wall pointing
forward. This is its screen. Place a salad green 2x2 tile onto the right two columns of the 2x4. Place this
assembly horizontally directly to the right of the vertical dark gray 2x4 tile in the front of the structure to
the right of its right column at the back.
30. Now, let's build a fish tank! Locate another orange 2x4 brick and orient it horizontally. Place a
white 2x4 plate horizontally directly onto the previous piece. Locate two translucent light blue 1x2 wall
elements and two translucent light blue 1x2 wall elements with side walls. and two of which have three
extra flat sides. Place the first wall element horizontally on the back row in the middle, wall to the back.
Repeat symmetrically at the front. Place one of the wall panels with side wall vertically on the leftmost
columns, walls to the left, back, and front. Repeat symmetrically at the right to create an enclosure. The
tank is finished. Great work! Place the two fish pieces into this area. Place this assembly horizontally
into the store directly to the right of the cash register.
Open Bag 3
31. Rotate the assembly so that the doors are pointing forward again. Locate two green 1x1x3 bricks
and place them onto the little green inverted 3x1 arches in front of the windows, one directly in front of
the leftmost window's leftmost stud, and one directly to the right of the rightmost window's back stud.
32. Rotate the store so that the doors are pointing to the left. Locate two dark green 2x1x2 bricks. Place
the first one vertically directly to the right of the previous piece and the window next to it, directly onto
the other 2x1x2 brick placed a while ago. Place the other 2x1 brick directly onto the other 2x1 brick
placed a while ago, vertically, four studs to the right of the previous piece.
33. Locate a six-stud long axle and insert its right end into a vertically oriented green 1x2 brick with a +
shaped axle hole. Slide a yellow five-stud-long long technic lift arm into the axle so that the axle goes
through the technic lift arm's backmost hole. Slide a black lift arm onto the axle the same way as done
with the previous piece, directly to the left of it, this lift arm is still 5 studs long. Slide a yellow lift arm onto
the axle the same way as done with the previous piece, directly to the left of it (It's still 5 studs long).
Slide a black 5-stud-long lift arm onto the axle the same way as done with the previous piece directly to
the left of it. Slide a dark green 1x2 brick with a + shaped axle hole vertically onto the left end of the
axle, topping off, securing all the technic pieces onto the axle. Connect this assembly to the store so that
the two green 1x2s go onto the other two green 1x2x2 bricks placed in the last step, so that the technic
lift arms hang down inside the four-stud gap.
34. Rotate the store so that the doors are pointing forward. Assemble four dark green 1x2x2 bricks into
two vertical 1x2x4 pillars and place them each onto one of the other two 1x2x2 bricks on either side of
the double doors.
35. Locate a dark green 2x8 plate and place it horizontally over the previous pieces and the double
doors.
36. Rotate the store so that the doors are now pointing to the left. Locate a white 2x1 brick and place it
vertically onto the front rightmost two studs of the assembly, onto the green 1x2x2 brick placed a few
steps ago. Place a white 2x10 brick horizontally directly to the left of the previous piece.
37. Locate another 2x10 brick and place it vertically so that its front four studs are directly to the left of
the previous piece. Place a white 2x4 brick vertically directly behind the previous piece.
38. Locate a light gray 2x2 plate and place it onto the 1x2 brick placed two steps ago and the rightmost
two studs of the 2x10 brick placed in that step. Locate two light gray 2x4 plates. Place the first one
horizontally directly to the left of the previous piece. Place the second one also horizontally directly to
the left of the previous piece.
39. Locate a light gray 2x12 plate and place it vertically so that its front four studs are directly to the left
of the previous piece. There should still be a column of studs to this piece's left.
40. Rotate the store so that the doors are now pointing forward again. Locate two light gray plates with a
little rail in front of them, and a dark gray 1x2 plate with two vertical clips in front of it. Place one of the
light gray 1x2s horizontally directly in front of the previous piece's right two columns. Place a dark gray
1x2 plate with two vertical clips directly to the left of the previous piece. Place the remaining 1x2 with rail
directly to the left of the previous piece.
41. Locate three more of the same light gray 1x2 plates with rail and one more of the same dark gray
1x2 with two vertical clips. Place two more light gray 1x2 plates side by side horizontally directly to the
left of the previous piece. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with two vertical clips horizontally directly to the
left of the previous piece. Then place the last light gray 1x2 plate horizontally directly to the left of the
previous piece.
42. Locate two more white 4x1x3 bricks and place them vertically on the left side of the store directly
onto the first two 4x1x3 bricks.
43. Stack five light green 2x1 bricks and place them horizontally directly onto the white 2x1 brick to the
left of the double doors.
44. Place a white 1x1 brick onto the previous piece's right stud. Place a white 1x12 brick vertically so
that its front stud is directly to the left of the previous piece. Place a white 1x1 brick directly behind the
previous piece.
45. Stack two light green 1x4 plates on top of each other and orient them horizontally.
46. Place a white 1x4 brick with four side studs in front of it onto the two previous pieces.
47. Place a white 1x4x2 arch piece horizontally onto the previous piece.
48. Place a light green 1x4 plate horizontally onto the previous piece.
49. Place another white 1x4 brick with four side studs in front of it onto the previous piece.
50. Locate a dark green 2x2 corner tile and place it inside the arch, so that the singular end is pointing
out forward on the first stud from the left, like the braille letter f, with one of its dots protruding to the
front, at the left of the arch.
51. Locate a white 4x4 plate with a 2x2 gap in the middle. Place a light green 1x2 tile vertically onto the
middle left two studs. Place a white 2x2 tile with a green drawing (of an ATM screen) onto the middle
right two studs, covering up the right two studs of the 2x2 gap. Locate four light green 2x2 sloped tiles.
Place the first two horizontally onto the back row side by side sloping down and back. Place the second 
two horizontally on the front row side by side sloping down and forward. Place this assembly vertically
onto the previous assembly, making an ATM machine.
52. Rotate the store so that the doors are pointing to the back and place the ATM in the back right
corner vertically onto the two dark gray 1x2 horizontal lined pieces, with the sloped part of the ATM
pointing inside the store.
53. Place a white 2x4 brick vertically onto the ATM touching the long horizontal 1x12 brick behind the
2x4 and the little 1x1 brick to the left.
54. Now we'll build some shelves. Locate a white 2x8 plate and orient it horizontally.
55. Place a white 2x1x3 shelf piece (What's this piece's official name?) vertically onto the 2x8's
rightmost two studs, with the flat side pointing to the right. Place a tan 2x2 tile with two studs horizontally
directly to the left of the previous piece, with the two studs in front.
56. Place two red 1x1 round bricks on each of one of the two studs of the previous piece. Place a little
white 1x1 round tile with a pin onto each of the two previous pieces.
57. Place another white 2x1x3 shelf piece vertically, directly to the left of the 2x2 tile, with the flat side
pointing to the left.
58. Place a white 2x1x3 shelf piece vertically directly to the left of the previous piece, with the flat side
pointing to the right. Place a tan 2x2 tile with two studs directly to the left of the previous piece,
horizontally with the two studs in front.
59. Place two light blue 1x1 bricks with an image of a jar on the front onto each of one of the two studs
of the previous piece. Place a little white 1x1 triangular tile vertically onto each of the two previous
pieces.
60. Place another white 2x1x3 shelf piece vertically, directly to the left of the 2x2 tile, with the flat side
pointing to the left.
61. Place a white 2x8 plate horizontally onto the four 1x2x3 bricks.
62. Place a white 2x1x3 shelf piece vertically onto the 2x8's rightmost two studs, with the flat side
pointing to the right. Place a tan 2x2 tile with two studs directly to the left of the previous piece, with the
two studs in front.
63. Place two light green 1x1 bricks with an orange image on the front onto each of one of the two studs
of the previous piece. Place a little orange 1x1 triangular tile vertically onto each of the two previous
pieces.
64. Place another white 2x1x3 shelf piece vertically, directly to the left of the 2x2 tile, with the flat side
pointing to the left.
65. Place a white 2x1x3 shelf piece vertically directly to the left of the previous piece, with the flat side
pointing to the right. Place a tan 2x2 tile with two studs directly to the left of the previous piece, with the
two studs in front.
66. Place two translucent orange 1x1 cone bricks on each of one of the two studs of the previous piece.
Place a little yellow 1x1 round tile onto each of the two previous pieces.
67. Place another white 2x1x3 shelf piece vertically, directly to the left of the 2x2 tile, with the flat side
pointing to the left.
68. Place a white 2x8 plate horizontally onto the four 1x2x3 bricks.
69. Place this assembly vertically in the back of the store, directly to the right of the ATM machine.
70. Go to the back right corner and skip the first row from the back. Put a grey 12x2 plate horizontally
there it should be flush with the horizontal 2x12plate to its left. Then put a light gray 2x4 plate and place
it vertically on front of the previous piece's right two columns.
71. Place another light gray 2x4 plate vertically in front of the previous piece. Place a light gray 2x2 plate
din front of the previous piece.
72. Place a 1x2 tile vertically to the left of the previous piece. Place a light gray 1x8 tile vertically behind
the previous piece.
73. Rotate the store so that the doors are now pointing to the front. Place a dark green 1x8 brick
horizontally onto the back row of the 2x8 plate on top of the double doors.
74. Locate a dark green 1x1 brick with a side stud in front of it and place a black 1x1 round plate onto
the side stud. Place this brick in front of the previous piece's rightmost stud.
75. Place a dark green 1x3 brick horizontally to the left of the previous piece. Place two green 1x2 bricks
horizontally, side by side, to the left of the previous piece. Locate a light gray 1x2 plate with a rail in front
of it and place it in front of the left 2x12 plate's leftmost four studs.
Open bag 4. Last bag!
76. Locate two dark green 1x3 bricks and place them vertically, onto the back leftmost three studs of the
store and back rightmost three studs of the store, both onto the outside layer of the walls of the store.
77. Locate two dark green 2x1 bricks and place them vertically, each in front of one of the two previous
pieces.
78. Locate two dark green 8x1 bricks and place them vertically, each in front of one of the two previous
pieces.
79. Rotate the store so that the doors are now pointing to the back. Place a green 2x2 sloped brick
directly to the right of the left 1x8 brick placed in the previous step's back two studs, sloping down
forward.
80. Locate five green 2x4 sloped bricks and place them all horizontally, side by side, directly to the right
of the previous piece, all sloping down forward.
81. Locate three 1x8 dark green tiles and place them side by side horizontally across the whole back
row of the store.
82. Locate two dark green 1x4 tiles and place them vertically, directly in front of the previous pieces, one
along the leftmost column, and one along the rightmost column.
83. Locate two more dark green 1x8 tiles and place them both vertically each directly in front of one of
the two previous pieces.
84. Locate four light gray 1x2 plates, two of which are grille tiles, and the other two are tiles with a bar on
top. Place a 1x2 grille tile horizontally in the back left corner of the walls, directly in front of the 1x2
sloped brick. Place a 1x2 tile with a top bar horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece, with
the top bar slightly going back. Place another grille tile horizontally directly to the right of the previous
piece, and another 1x2 tile with a top bar horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece, with the
bar slightly going back. Turn your structure so that the doors are at the front.
85. Place a dark green 1x2 brick horizontally onto the left two studs of the front row of the store, directly
above the double doors. Locate a green 1x1 brick with a side stud in front of it and place a black
1x1round plate onto the side stud. Insert a black bar into the plate and through the side stud and place
this brick directly to the right of the previous one bar to the front.
86. Place a dark green 1x3 brick horizontally directly to the right of the previous one. Place a dark green
2x1 brick horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece.
87. Locate a large 1x8x3 dark green triangular brick and place it onto the four previous pieces, sloping
down to the left. Apply the sticker #3 which says "FRESH", (the e is shaped like a leaf.) which is the
name of the grocery store!
88. Locate a long L shaped black bar and orient it so that the corner is pointing down and to the right.
Slide an orange x1 round cone brick upside down onto the long end of the L. Slide a bigger 2x2 orange
cone brick upside down onto the long end of the l. Slide an orange 2x2 rounded half sphere piece
upside down onto the end of the L connecting to the previous piece. Slide a green 1x1 round ice-cream
cone onto the previous piece and the long end of the L. place a green four-leaf- clover brick onto the
previous piece. Place a green 1x1 round tile onto the only stud of the previous piece. Connect this carrot
looking assembly to the front of the store by inserting the short side of the L into the black 1x1 round
side plate and laying the rest of the carrot onto the other bar to the left.
89. Locate two white 1x2 plates with a hinge bar in front of them and orient them horizontally. Place a
translucent yellow 1x2 tile horizontally onto each of them. Connect them to the grocery store by clipping
them into the clips at the front top right of the store, with the tiles pointing down.
90. Locate a black 1x2 base for a hinge brick and connect it to a 2x2 top of the hinge plate. Place this
assembly at the front of the store, with the bottom piece horizontally, directly to the right of the 1x2 grille
tile at the front of the store, to the right of the double doors. Hinge the hinge all the way forward as far as
it will go.
91. Place a gray 1x2 grille tile horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece. Locate a black 1x2
base for a hinge brick and connect it to a 2x2 top of the hinge plate. Place this assembly at the front of
the store, with the bottom piece horizontally, directly to the right of the 1x2 grille tile we just placed.
Hinge the hinge all the way forward as far as it will go.
92. Locate a brown 4x3 basket piece and orient it vertically. Place a dark brown 2x3 plate horizontally
centered under the 4x3 basket. Locate three 1x1 round translucent bottle bricks and place them along
the right row inside the basket. Place the basket to the left of the store vertically, inside the four-stud
wide gap, directly to the left of the ATM machine.
93. Locate two more 4x3 basket pieces and orient them horizontally. Place a dark brown 2x3 plate
vertically centered under each of them. Place them each onto one of the two hinge plates in front of the
store, so that the front two studs of each 2x3 will go onto the four studs on each hinge plate, with the two
baskets going side by side.
94. Locate two carrot body bricks and insert a green carrot stem piece into the end of each one. Place
them in the right basket along with two corn pieces.
95. Put the berry piece, the two apple pieces, and the banana piece into the other basket.
96. Locate the dark gray 2x2 round tile with one stud in the middle. Place a dark gray 1x1 round tile with
a tube on it onto the middle stud of the 2x2. Place a green 1x1 plant stem piece with stud and pin onto
the tube, and a second plant stem with pin and stud piece onto the first one, with the little branches 
(studs) pointing to the left and to the right. Place two little pot pieces, each onto one of the two little
branches. Place this assembly directly to the right of the 2x2 tiles in front of the doors.
97. Make two flowers by locating two beige 1x1 ice-cream cone placing a green 1x1 round plate onto
each of them, and a 1x1 little flower sprig into each of those, one yellow and one purple. Place them into
the two little pots we just placed.
98. Locate the two 2x3 tiles with clips (printed with solar cells/batteries) and clip them to the store by
clipping them to the two 2x1 tiles with bars on them on the roof of the store and hinge them back slightly.
99. Locate a light gray 1x2 tile with a stud in the middle and place it vertically, centered, onto the dark
gray 2x4 plate on the front right of the store. Connect the long pole to the single jumper stud of the
previous piece. Clip the 2x2 tile with the clip to the top of the pole. The piece is printed with a P for
parking.
100. Locate the large 16x16 road plate.
101. Locate four dark gray 1x4 tiles and place them horizontally onto the front rows of the middle two
horizontal gaps in the road plate, and the horizontal two gaps in the back of the road piece.
102. Locate four white 1x4 tiles and place them horizontally onto the back rows of the middle two
horizontal gaps in the road plate, and the two horizontal gaps in the front of the road plate.
103. Place two dark gray 2x4 tiles vertically into the middle two vertical gaps in the road piece. Connect
the two large, sloped pieces to the right side of the road plate sloping down and to the right.
104. Connect the road plate to the right side of the store, via the two dark gray 2x4 plates. You're done!
Great work!
Thank you so much for building this set! Have fun playing with it!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!
At the end of the instruction booklets are advertisements for the following 13 LEGO CITY Theme kits:
 60283 - Holiday Camper Van
 60330 - Hospital
 60337 - Express Passenger Train
 60338 - Smashing Chimpanzee Stunt Loop
 60339 - Double Loop Stunt Arena
 60340 - The Blade Stunt Challenge
 60341 - The Knockdown Stunt Challenge
 60342 - The Shark Attack Stunt Challenge
 60346 - Barn & Farm Animals
 60349 - Lunar Space Station
 60353 - Wild Animal Rescue Missions
 60354 - Mars Spacecraft Exploration Missions
 60355 - Water Police Detective Missions