76386 Hogwarts™: Polyjuice Potion Mistake
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
LEGO® Harry Potter™ Hogwarts™: Polyjuice Potion Mistake (76386) inspires magical adventures in the
Hogwarts bathroom.
Minifigure makeovers with Polyjuice potion.
Young witches and wizards join Harry Potter, Ron Weasley™ and Hermione Granger™ as they brew
powerful Polyjuice potion. Drinking it transforms the characters into Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle,
which kids achieve by turning the minifigures’ heads to reveal an alternative face and adding a different
hairpiece. The magic can go awry, however, such as when Hermione transforms into a cat! There are
other surprises too: an exclusive, golden, anniversary Harry Potter minifigure; 2 random wizard card tiles
to collect; and a secret tunnel beneath the sink. When this set is combined with LEGO Harry Potter
Hogwarts Chamber of Secrets (76389), the secret tunnel connects the 2 rooms, expanding the play
possibilities even further. This magical, modular system lets kids continue adding rooms to create an
entire Hogwarts Castle model.
- LEGO® Harry Potter™ Hogwarts™: Polyjuice Potion Mistake (76386) has got it all: popular characters,
imaginative features and enchanting adventures – all set in a famous Hogwarts location.
- Includes Harry Potter™, Hermione Granger™ and Ron Weasley™ minifigures, a buildable Moaning
Myrtle's bathroom and authentic accessories.
- Exciting features, such as transforming minifigures and a secret passage, help kids recreate an iconic
scene from Harry Potter™ and the Chamber of Secrets™ and dream up magical stories of their own.
- The set measures over 3 in. (8 cm) high, 5 in. (12 cm) wide and 2.5 in. (6 cm) deep and connects easily
to LEGO® Harry Potter™ Hogwarts™ Chamber of Secrets (76389) to double the fun.
- This toy is one of a series of authentically detailed, modular sets that kids can build, combine and
rearrange to create their own Hogwarts™ Castle model.
- Includes an exclusive, golden Harry Potter™ minifigure to celebrate 20 years of magic with LEGO®
Harry Potter. Also includes 2 random wizard card tiles for kids to collect (16 in total).
The box is a deep blue. On the front right corner is an image of Harry, Hermione, and Ron from the film. A
swish of magic curves around the border of the box. Inside of the curve is an image of a bathroom, with
one toilet stall, and three golden sinks! Hermione, her head transformed into a cat’s head, stands in front
of the stall holding her wand! Ron stands nearby with a disgusted expression, while Harry stands in front
of the sinks with a sneer. Bottle of green and yellow potions lay strewn near a cauldron. An inset on the
lower left shows the included minifigures: a golden 20 year anniversary Harry Potter minifigure, a normal
Harry Potter, a Hermione Granger, and a Ron Weasley.
The top of the box shows a life sized image of Hermione with her head transformed to a cat. There is also
an image of the three minifigures holding potions and wands near the cauldron. The left side of the box
shows an image of the golden Harry Potter minifigure, stating that it is exclusive to the set.
The back of the box has a main image and two insets. The main image shows the bathroom, with the
students. Hermione’s head is back to normal! The first inset shows that the middle sink lifts up to show a
secret passage! The second inset shows that the Harry Potter and Ron Weasley minifigures can be
transformed into Gregory Goyle and Vincent Crabbe by rotating their heads and changing their hairdos!
There is also a note that two collectible wizard cards (printed on 2x2 tiles) are included with the set!
The build is 217 pieces, and 77 building steps.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/10321) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with two bags labeled 1-2, a sticker sheet, and an instruction booklet. Sort the
pieces into groups as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the same brick in a
step, the colors will be split across two groups to make telling the difference easier for the builder! LEGO
includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group away from the rest,
in case you need them later.
Bag 1 (9 groups of bricks)
Minifigure group 1 contains the pieces to build the Hermione Granger minifigure, her wand, and a cat
head.
Minifigure group 2 contains the pieces to build the gold Harry Potter minifigure, its stand, and a golden
wand.
Minifigure group 3 contains the pieces to build the cauldron and two vials of polyjuice potion.
Main build:
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-6.
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 7-14.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 15-23.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 24-29.
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 30-36, as well as one brown 1x2 brick used in step 37.
Group 6 contains the pieces for steps 37-40.
Bag 2 (2 groups of bricks)
Minifigure group 4 contains the pieces to build the Harry Potter minifigure, his wand, and a wizard card.
Minifigure group 5 contains the hairpiece needed to transform Harry into Gregory Goyle.
Minifigure group 6 contains the pieces to build the Ron Weasley minifigure, his wand, and a wizard card.
Minifigure group 7 contains the hairpiece needed to transform Ron into Vincent Crabbe.
Main build:
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 41-47.
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 48-61. Place the mirror stickers for step 56.
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 62-70. Place the mirror sticker for step 70.
Group 10 contains the pieces for steps 71-77.
Building Instructions:
Open bag 1.
Minifigure group 1.
Assemble the Hermione Granger minifigure by putting the torso on the legs, the head on the torso, and
the hair on the head. Hermione’s accessories are a tan wand and a clear mug. Her hair can be switched
out for the cat head!
Minifigure group 2.
Assemble the gold Harry Potter minifigure by putting the torso on the legs, the head on the torso, and the
hair on the head. Put the minifigure on its stand by placing a gold 3x4 tile with a row of four studs on top,
horizontally long in front of you. Place the minifigure’s feet, centered horizontally, on the top row of studs.
Place the gold wand in Harry’s hand.
Minifigure group 3.
Assemble the cauldron by placing a dark gray cauldron piece onto a black 2x2 circular tile with a single
stud. Put a light gray spoon into the cauldron! Assemble the first vial of potion by putting a light brown 1x1
circular plate on a transparent green 1x1 cone. Assemble the second vial of potion by putting a light
brown 1x1 circular plate on a transparent yellow 1x1 circular brick.
Open group 1.
1. Let’s start working on the bathroom! Place a tan 1x16 brick horizontally long in front of you.
2. Attach the back row of a tan 2x6 plate, vertically long, on the leftmost two columns of the previous
piece. Attach this piece from the bottom, so the 1x16 brick is on the 2x6 plate. Place another tan 2x6
plate in the same orientation on the rightmost two columns of the 1x16 brick.
3.1. Place a tan 2x2 plate to the left of the right 2x6 from the previous step, extending one stud to the
front. This piece also goes under the 1x16 brick.
3.2. Place a tan 2x6 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the left 2x6 plate from step 2, extending one
stud to the front. This piece also goes under the 1x16 brick.
4. Place a tan 1x4 plate, horizontally long, between the previous two pieces.
5. Place a blueish gray 4x6 plate, vertically long, in front of the 1x16 brick, leaving one column of exposed
studs at the left. Place another symmetrically on the right side of the build. Place another to the right of
the first. There should be a gap of two columns between the last 4x6 plate and the rightmost 4x6 plate.
6. Place a dark tan 2x16 plate, horizontally long and centered horizontally, under the previous three
pieces, extending one row to the front.
Open group 2.
7.1. Place a 1x2 grille plate, horizontally long, on the front row of the previous piece, skipping one stud
from the left end. Place six more 1x2 grille tiles, also horizontally long, in a row to the left of the first.
7.2. Place a blueish gray 2x2 plate behind the row of grille tiles, between the 4x6 plates.
8.1. Now let’s build the tile floor under the sinks. Place a brown 1x1 tile in front of the second stud from
the right on the 1x16 brick.
8.2. Place a white 2x2 angled corner tile in front of the previous piece, extending one stud to the left, with
the angle at the front right. Place another white 2x2 angled corner tile to the left of the previous piece,
extending one stud to the front, with the angle at the back left. There should be a 2x4 hole to the left of
the last 2x2 angled corner.
8.3. Repeat the previous three pieces symmetrically on the left side of the 2x4 hole.
9.1. Place a white 1x4 tile, horizontally long, in front of the 2x4 hole, centered horizontally on the hole. It
should be in front of the front two 2x2 angled corner tiles.
9.2. Place a white 2x2 triangle tile to the right of the previous piece, extending one stud behind, with the
corner at the back left. Place another triangle tile symmetrically to the left of the 1x4 tile.
10.1. We’ll turn our attention to the left edge of the build. Place a light gray 1x2 brick with two pin-holes,
vertically long, on the leftmost column, in front of the 1x16 brick.
10.2. Place a brown 1x1 brick in front of the previous piece.
10.3. Place a tan 1x3 tile, vertically long, in front of the previous piece. There should be a single exposed
stud at the front left corner of the bathroom.
11. Place a tan 1x4x5 wall panel with a window, horizontally long with the flat side at the back, on the
rightmost four studs of the 1x16 brick.
12.1. Place a tan 1x1 plate with a horizontal clip on one side to the left of the previous piece, with the clip
at the front.
12.2. Place a light brown 1x2 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece.
12.3. Place a tan 1x1 plate with a horizontal clip on one side to the left of the previous piece, with the clip
at the front.
13.1. Place a tan 1x2 brick, horizontally long, on the previous piece, extending one stud to the right.
There should be two exposed studs between this brick and the wall panel.
13.2. Find a light brown 1x2 masonry brick. A masonry brick has a brick wall pattern on one side, and
horizontal grooves on the other side. Place this brick, horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece.
The side with both horizontal and vertical grooves should be at the back. Its right side should touch the
wall panel.
14.1. Place a tan 1x2 inverted slope on the right stud of the previous piece, with the slope at the back.
14.2. Place a tan 1x2 brick, horizontally long, to the left of the front stud of the previous piece.
14.3. Place a tan 1x2 inverted slope to the left of the previous piece, with the slope at the back.
Open group 3.
15. Now we’re going to decorate the wall behind the sink! Set the bathroom aside for now. Place a tan
2x4 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
16. Place a black 1x2x2 window lattice into a brown 1x2x2 window frame. Place the window, horizontally
long and centered horizontally, on the back row of the previous piece, with the lattice at the back.
17. Place two tan 1x2 bricks, vertically long, one on each side of the previous piece, even with the front of
the 2x4 plate.
18. Place a tan 2x2 inverted slope in front of the window, with the slope at the front.
19.1. Place a tan 1x4 brick, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the back row of the previous
piece.
19.2. Place two tan 1x1 round bricks, one behind the left stud, and one behind the right stud of the
previous piece.
20. Place a tan 1x2 brick, horizontally long, on the two studs in front of the 1x4 brick.
21.1. Place a tan 1x4 plate, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the back row of the assembly.
21.2. Place a brown 2x3 plate, vertically long and centered horizontally, in front of the previous piece.
21.3. Place two tan 1x1 plates with a horizontal clip on one side, one to the left and one to the right of the
previous piece, with the clips at the front.
22.1. Place a tan 1x1 pyramid tile behind each of the pieces from the previous step.
22.2. Place two sand green 1x1 slope tiles between the previous two pieces. Place these so they slope
up and form a point in the middle.
23. Place the bathroom in front of you, horizontally long, with the 1x16 brick at the back. With the window
lattice at the back, place the assembly we just made on the back wall of the bathroom, to the left of the
wall panel. Its top should be even with the top of the wall panel. There should be eight open studs to the
left.
Open group 4.
24. Place a tan 1x4x5 wall panel with a window, horizontally long with the flat side at the back, to the left
of the assembly we just placed.
25.1. Place a tan 1x3 brick, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece.
25.2. Place a light brown 1x1 brick on the rightmost stud of the previous piece.
25.3. Place a light brown 1x1 plate to the left of the previous piece. Stack another on top of the first.
26.1 Place a tan 1x2 brick, vertically long to the left of the 1x3 brick, extending one stud to the front, so it
is even with the back left corner of the bathroom.
26.2. Now we’ll install the toilet bowl! Place a white 2x2 dome bottom on the bathroom floor, place it on
the second stud from the back wall, on the second column from the left wall.
27.1. Next, we’ll complete the toilet by making the tank! Place a white 1x2 plate, horizontally long, with the
studs down in front of you.
27.2. Place a white 1x1 plate, with the stud down, into the right anti-stud of the previous piece. “Anti-stud”
is a term for the portion of a LEGO piece which accepts studs, like the bottom of a plate.
27.3. Find a light gray 1x1 plate with a ring on one side. The ring has a stud on each side. Place one stud
from the ring into the left anti-stud on the 1x2 plate so the 1x1 plate overhangs to the back, and the stud
on the plate is sideways on the left.
27.4. Place a white 1x2 tile, horizontally long, on the other stud from the ring. It should be aligned with the
rest of the toilet tank. Keeping the plate from the previous piece at the back, rotate the tank so the studs
of the 1x2 plate are at the left.
27.5. Attach a black 1x1 hinging antenna on the top stud of the 1x2 plate. Hinge the antenna so it hangs
straight down.
27.6. Using the plate of the ring stud, attach this to the wall directly behind the toilet bowl. It should be one
stud from the left wall panel, and the tank should hang down and almost touch the toilet bowl.
28.1. Place a tan 2x2 corner brick to the left of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter F and
aligned with the corner of the wall so it extends one stud to the front.
28.2. Place a brown 1x2x2 tall brick, vertically long, on the wall in front of the previous piece.
29.1. Place a brown 1x3 brick, vertically long, on the previous piece, aligned with the front of the wall.
29.2. Place a tan 1x2 brick, horizontally long, behind the previous piece, aligned with the left of the wall.
29.3. Place a light brown masonry brick to the right of the previous piece, with the brick pattern at the
back. The brown bricks make one wooden wall of the bathroom stall!
Open group 5.
30.1. Now we’ll build the other wall of the bathroom stall! Set the bathroom aside for now. Place a brown
1x3 brick, horizontally long, in front of you.
30.2. Place a light brown 1x1 plate on the leftmost stud of the previous piece.
31. Place a brown 1x2 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece.
32.1. Place a brown 1x1 brick with a horizontal clip on one side on the rightmost stud of the previous
piece, with the clip at the right.
32.2. Place a brown 1x2 brick, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece.
33. Place a brown 1x3 brick, horizontally long, on the previous two pieces.
34.1. Place a brown 1x1 brick with a horizontal clip on one side on the rightmost stud of the previous
piece, with the clip at the right.
34.2. Place a brown 1x1 brick to the left of the previous piece.
34.3. Place a light brown 1x1 plate to the left of the previous piece.
35. Place a brown 1x2 plate, horizontally long, on the rightmost two studs on the stall wall. Rotate the wall
so the clips are at the front.
36. Place the bathroom in front of you again, horizontally long with the wall at the back. Place the stall
wall in front of the leftmost stud of the left wall panel. There should be three studs between the two walls
of the stall.
Open group 6. You should have a brown 1x2 brick left over from the previous group.
37.1. The back stud of the stall wall we just placed is lower than the rest of the wall. Place a tan 2x2
angled corner piece on this lowered stud, oriented like a Braille letter E, with the angle at the front left. It
should attach to the wall to the left of the left wall panel.
37.2. Place a light brown masonry brick, horizontally long, on the wall to the left of the previous piece,
with the brick pattern at the back.
37.3. Place a tan 1x2 brick, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, even with the back of the wall.
37.4. Place a brown 1x2 brick, vertically long in front of the previous piece. It should be even with the front
of the wall.
38.1. Place a brown 1x1 tile on the front stud of the previous piece.
38.2. Place a light gray 1x2 brick with two pin-holes, vertically long, behind the previous piece.
38.3. Place a tan 1x4 brick, horizontally long, behind the previous piece, aligned with the left wall. It
should touch a wall panel at the right.
39. Place a brown 1x3 tile, vertically long, on the stall wall to the right of the toilet.
40. Find a brown 1x5x3 door with three studs and a handle. This door has two bars on the side opposite
from the handle. Clip the bars into the two clips on the right stall wall, so that when you close the door the
handle is at the front on the left.
Open bag 2.
Minifigure group 4.
Assemble the Harry Potter minifigure by putting the torso on the legs, the head on the torso, and the hair
on the head. Harry’s accessory is a brown wand.
Minifigure group 5.
This group contains the hair to turn the Harry Potter minifigure into the Gregory Goyle minifigure! You do
this by taking Harry’s hair off, rotating his head 180 degrees, and putting Gregory’s hair on! Harry has
long, messy black hair, while Gregory has brown short hair.
Minifigure group 6.
Assemble the Ron Weasley minifigure by putting the torso on the legs, the head on the torso, and the hair
on the head. Ron’s accessory is a brown wand.
Minifigure group 7.
This group contains the hair to turn the Ron Weasley minifigure into the Vincent Crabbe minifigure! You
do this by taking Ron’s hair off, rotating his head 180 degrees, and putting Vincent’s hair on! Ron has
long, straight red hair, while Vencent has straight, short brown hair.
Open group 7.
41.1. Place a light gray 1x1 brick with a pin-hole in front of you, with the hole at the sides.
41.2. Place a light brown 1x1 brick on the previous piece.
41.3. Place a tan 1x1x3 tall brick on the previous piece.
41.4. Place a light gray 1x1 brick with a pin-hole on the previous piece, with the hole at the side.
41.5. Place a light gray 2L pin into the two holes on the side of the assembly, pushing them in from the
right side so they overhang to the right.
41.6. Place this assembly on the rightmost column of the bathroom, all the way against the right wall
panel, with the pins extending to the right.
42.1. Place a tan 1x1x6 round column on the front left stud of the bathroom.
42.2. Place a tan 1x6x7 arched door frame with round columns, vertically long, in front of the assembly
we just placed on the right side of the build. It should be even with the front of the bathroom.
43.1. Place a tan 1x3 brick, vertically long, on the back stud of the previous piece, extending behind so it
is aligned with the back wall of the bathroom.
43.2. Place a tan 1x2 brick, horizontally long, on the wall to the left of the previous piece.
44.1. Place a tan 1x12 brick, horizontally long, on the wall to the left of the previous piece.
44.2. Place a tan 1x3 brick, vertically long, on the wall to the left of the previous piece, aligned with the
back wall.
45.1. Place a tan 2x2 corner brick on the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter F, aligned with the
corner of the walls.
45.2. Place a tan 1x12 brick, horizontally long, on the wall to the right of the previous piece.
45.3. Place a tan 2x2 corner brick, oriented like a Braille letter D, to the right of the previous piece,
aligned with the corner of the walls.
46. Find two 1x1 scroll bricks. Scroll bricks are a 1x1 brick with a bar sticking out even with the top on one
side, which has a stud on top and a circular decoration on the sides. Place one on the column at the front
left of the bathroom, with the scroll on the right. Place the other symmetrically on the front right column of
the bathroom.
47.1. Place a tan 1x6 brick, vertically long, on the right wall of the bathroom, even with the front of the
wall.
47.2. Place a tan 1x6 arch, vertically long, on the front left column, extending to the back so it connects to
the wall.
Open group 8.
48. Now we’ll start building the sinks! Set the bathroom aside for now. We will make two identical sinks.
Place a white 2x2 plate in front of you.
49. Place a white 1x2 tile with walls on three sides, vertically long, with the opening at the left, on the right
column of the previous piece.
50. Place a white 2x4 wedge plate, vertically long and centered vertically, to the left of the previous piece,
with the widest portion at the right.
51. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with an upwards bar on one long end, vertically long, under the left
column of the previous piece, with the bar at the left.
52. Place a white 2x2 plate on the studs of the wedge plate.
53.1. Place a tan 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the left column of the previous piece.
53.2. Place a gold 1x2 tile with a faucet, vertically long, to the right of the previous piece, with the spigot
at the right.
54. Place a white 1x2 plate with offset studs at the long ends, vertically long with the offsets studs at the
right, to the left of the previous piece.
55. Place a white 1x2 brick with vertical grooves on one side and horizontal grooves on the other,
vertically long, with the horizontal grooves at the left, on the left column of the previous piece.
56. Place a light gray 1x2x2 tall brick with a mirror sticker, vertically long, on the previous piece, with the
sticker at the right.
57. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with an upwards bar on one long end, vertically long, on the previous
piece, with the bar at the left.
58. Place a white 1x1 round brick on the two offsets studs at the front of the sink. Stack two more on the
first. Repeat this on the back offset stud.
59. Place a white 1x2 plate with offset studs at the long ends, vertically long with the offset studs at the
right, on top of the sink so the offset studs attach to the round bricks from the previous step and the plate
attaches to the 1x2 plate with an upwards bar above the mirror.
60.1. Place a white 1x1 circular plate on the offset studs of the previous piece.
60.2. Place a white 1x2 double slope, horizontally long, on the studs of the top plate with offset studs.
Rotate the sink so the sink is at the front and the upward bars are at the back. Remember to make
another sink!
61. Place the bathroom in front of you, horizontally long, with the open section at the front. Find the four
clips on the wall to the right of the bathroom stall. There are two pairs, one on the right and one on the
left. The upwards bars on the sinks attach to these clips, then you can angle the sink so the base is in line
with the angled tiles on the floor! Do this for both sinks. The left sink should point 45 degrees to the left,
and the right sink should point 45 degrees to the right.
Open group 9.
62. Now we’ll start on the third sink. This is the sink with the trap door! Place a white 2x2 plate in front of
you.
63. Place a white 1x2 tile with walls on three sides, vertically long, with the opening at the right, on the left
column of the previous piece.
64. Place a white 2x4 wedge plate, vertically long, to the right of the previous piece, with the widest
portion at the left.
65. Place a tan 1x2 plate with a 2x2 of studs extending up from one long side, vertically long with the side
studs on the right, under the right column of the previous piece.
66. Place a white 2x2 plate on the studs of the wedge plate.
67. Place a gold 1x2 tile with a faucet, vertically long, on the left column of the previous piece, with the
spigot at the left.
68. Place a white 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the right of the previous piece. Stack another 1x2 plate in
the same orientation on the first.
69. Place a white 1x2 brick with vertical grooves on one side and horizontal grooves on the other,
vertically long, with the horizontal grooves at the right, on the previous piece.
70. Place a light gray 1x2x2 tall brick with a mirror sticker, vertically long, on the previous piece, with the
sticker at the left.
Open group 10.
71. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with a 2x2 of studs hanging down from one long side, vertically long with
the side studs at the right, on the previous piece.
72.1. Place a white 1x1 tile with a clip on top on each stud of the previous piece, with the clips aligned
horizontally.
72.2. Place a white 2x6 tile onto the side studs at the right of the sink.
73.1. Place a white 2x4 wedge plate, vertically long, in front of you, with the widest part at the right.
73.2. Place two light gray 1x2 plates with a bar on one short side, horizontally long with the bar at the left,
under the previous piece.
73.2. Attach the two bars to the clips on top of the sink, so the wedge plate is on the right with its studs on
top. If you install it backwards, the studs will be down when the wedge plate is on the right. This is the
hinge which lets students open the trap door! Rotate this sink so the wedge plate is at the back
74. Put the bathroom back in front of you, with the open side at the front. Locate the 2x2 plate extending
from the wall between the two sinks we already placed. Attach the hinge of the trapdoor onto this 2x2.
The sink should be between the two other sinks, with the faucet at the front! It should rotate up and down
so you can access the trap door, or wash your hands, depending on what you need!
75.1. Place a tan 1x12 brick with a groove on one side, horizontally long in front of you with the groove at
the front.
75.2. Place a dark tan 1x6 tile, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the previous piece.
75.3. Place a dark tan 1x4 tile with a stud at each end, horizontally long to the left of the previous piece,
and another to the right.
76. Place this assembly, horizontally long with the groove at the front, across the front of the bathroom,
attaching it to the two scroll bricks on the columns at each corner. It should be even with the front of the
bathroom.
77.1. Place a dark tan 1x6 tile, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the back wall of the
bathroom.
77.2. Place a dark tan 1x4 tile with a stud at each end, horizontally long to the left of the previous piece,
and another to the right.
77.3. Place a dark tan 1x6 tile, vertically long, on the wall to the left of the left previous piece, even with
the back wall.
77.4. Place a dark tan 1x2 tile, vertically long, on the wall in front of the previous piece.
77.5. Repeat steps 77.3 and 77.4 on the right wall of the bathroom.
Congratulations! Now the Hogwarts Polyjuice Potion Mistake is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
There are two pages of ads after the instructions end. The first shows two additional Hogwarts sets which
can be combined with this set. They are set number 76389, Hogwarts: Chamber of Secrets and 76387,
Hogwarts Fluffy Encounter.
The second page shows all sixteen wizard cards! The cards available are: a silver Albus Dumbledor, a
gold Albus Dumbledor, Severus Snape, Godric Gryfindor, Minerva McGonagall, Gilderoy Lockhart,
Zalazar Slytherin, Olympe Maxime, Helga Hufflepuff, Newt Scarmander, Seraphina Picquer, Nicholas
Flamel, Bertie Bott, Jocunda Sykes, Rowena Ravenclaw and Garrick Ollivander.
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!