40650 Land Rover Classic Defender
Set adapted by Ann Wei and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
Celebrate the 75th anniversary of the Land Rover Series I by building this incredible classic Defender
replica. This impressive model features many details from the real-life version, including the roof rack,
headlights, Land Rover badge and side-view mirrors. Once the car toy is built, put it on display or place
the driver minifigure behind the wheel to enjoy some high-speed role-play action!
Build a Land Rover Classic Defender — Celebrate the 75th anniversary of this iconic brand by collecting
and creating a brick-built replica featuring many details from the real-life version.
Driver minifigure — The car toy comes with a driver minifigure to place behind the wheel for role-play
adventures.
Measurements — The model measures over 2.5 in. (7 cm) high, 4.5 in. (12 cm) long and 2 in. (6 cm) wide
and can be given as an everyday treat to car enthusiasts and kids for fun, portable play.
The front of the box shows the Land Rover Classic Defender car on a dirt path, with a forest of green
trees, enormous green mountains, and a blue sky, all in the background. The car is yellow, with a white
roof, a black roof rack, black side mirrors, and black wheels. The front bumper is also black, which
matches the other black features. The front bumper has a LEGO® sticker that shows the word
“DEFENDER” in the center and shows a round green bumper sticker that reads “LAND-ROVER.” Not to
mention, from the diagonal view of the car, it is shown that the car has a large front window in the
transparent-clear LEGO color and a small side window. As for the driver inside the vehicle, there is a
female minifigure with dark orange mid-length hair, a large grin, pink lips, and green-printed glasses. She
is looking off into the distance and looks ready to embark on an adventure on the land rover classic
defender!
The top of the box has a small image of one of the all-black wheels used in the build.
The back of the box has three images: a main image and two inset images along the right side. The main
image shows the driver minifigure standing behind the car, unveiling the open back, spare tire, and the
driver’s full outfit consisting of pineapples on a blue top and khaki pants.
The top inset view shows an advertisement for set 10317, another Land-Rover build, and a similar but
more extravagant version of your current set. This ad will be described in further detail after your build is
completed.
The bottom inset picture shows the roof hovering above the rest of the car, with up arrows, demonstrating
that the car has a removable top. This makes the build especially easy to play with and take the driver
minifigure in and out of the car!
The build is 150 pieces, with 56 steps, for ages 8+.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we may be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Behind: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/40650) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a friend
or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces should
be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the pieces for
each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set. Number the
containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one or a small
number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in steps 1,2 and
3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with one large bag labeled 1, instructions, and a sticker sheet. There is an
instruction to place a sticker in step 41. If you want to use the sticker for the build, it should be put on as
you or your helper sorts the pieces! Sort the pieces into groups or piles as described below. Note that
where there are multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split into two groups to make
telling the difference easier for the builder! LEGO® includes a few spare parts in case you lose something.
Set these into their own group away from the rest, in case you need them later.
In step 38, the designs printed on the 2x2 black and yellow tiles with one stud should be facing a certain
way on the build and its orientation cannot be determined by touch, so ask your helper which sides of the
tiles have the two white circles or which way the circles are facing; make a mental note of the orientation
of the tiles for later.
Bag 1 of 1 (10 groups/piles)
Group 1 contains the pieces for the sub-build to assemble the driver minifigure.
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 1-12. The pieces make the base of the car.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 13-19.1. This has the two transparent-red 1x1 circle tiles and the
pieces to make part of the inside and rear of the car.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 19.2-24 and two transparent-orange 1x1 circle tiles from step 19.
The pieces make part of the rear and sides of the car.
Group 5 contains the pieces from steps 25-27. The pieces make part of the front and sides of the car.
Group 6 contains the pieces from steps 28-32. The pieces make part of the front bumper, separation
between driver and trunk, side walls of the car, and side windows.
Group 7 contains the pieces from steps 33-44 and the sticker sheet or piece with the sticker. The pieces
make part of the front bumper, top of the car, side mirrors, and the windshield.
Group 8 contains the pieces from steps 45-48. The pieces make the car hood, wheels, and side mirrors.
Group 9 contains steps for 49-56. The pieces make the car roof.
Group 10 contains extras in case you lose any small pieces.
§
Building Instructions:
Sub-build — Driver Minifigure.
Assemble the driver minifigure using the tan-colored legs, pineapple-patterned torso, female head, and
dark orange hair. You can reposition her arms to appear as if she is holding a steering wheel and prepare
for her to drive!
Main-build — Land Rover Classic Defender.
1. Locate one dark gray 2x12 plate. Place it in front of you with the long axis running horizontally.
2. Locate one black 4x4 plate and two medium gray 1x2 grille tiles. Place the 4x4 plate on the 2x12 plate,
horizontally centered. Now place one grille tile vertically on the immediate left of the 4x4 plate, place the
other grill tile symmetrically on the right. This is the base and bottom of the car!
3. Locate two black 2x2 plates. Flip your structure upside-down, keeping the same overall horizontal
orientation. Place each 2x2 plate on the 2x12 plate, skipping one stud in from each side, symmetrically.
4. Locate four yellow pegs and four medium gray 2x2 plates with pin holes. Flip your structure so the studs
are upright. Place each of the pegs into each of the plates’ pin holes. Now put two plates vertically
together and place them to the immediate left of the left grille tile, with one peg facing front and one facing
back, leaving a one stud overhang on the front and back. Symmetrically do the same on the immediate
right side of the right grille tile. These are the axles that will hold the wheels.
5. Locate two black 2x2 plates. Place each on the far right and far left, overhanging one stud on either
side horizontally.
6. Locate one tan 2x2 modified tile with two studs and one medium gray 2x10 plate. Place the tan 2x2
plate skipping one stud in from the left and with the two vertical studs facing right. Now place the 2x10
plate to the immediate right of the 2x2 plate. This tan plate signifies the left side of the build as the front of
the car!
7. Locate two yellow 2x4 plates and four medium gray 1x2 plates with rounded edges. Horizontally place
the yellow 2x4 plate on the front-center of the build, and then symmetrically on the back-center. Now
horizontally place each rounded piece onto each of the four plates with attached pegs.
8. Locate two black 2x2 half brick-half plates with attached arches. Horizontally place these onto the two
far-right rounded plates with the arches facing the outer edges. The pieces will overhang by two horizontal
studs.
9. Locate one medium gray 4x6 plate. Place this, with the long axis running horizontally, onto the center of
the build, leaving four exposed studs on the front and back of the yellow 2x4 plates underneath.
10. Locate one 1x4 yellow plate and one white 2x2 stair piece with a total of 6 studs. Place the 1x4 yellow
plate on the right edge of the previously placed 4x6 medium gray plate, vertically. Now place the 2x2 white
stair piece onto the tan 2x2 modified tile with two studs at the edge and with the thicker step of the stair
attached to the tan studs. Note that the two studs sticking out of the stair piece are facing left.
11. Locate two yellow 1x2 bricks and four 1x2 bricks with slopes. Along the four yellow exposed studs
along the front-center and back-center of the build, place horizontally, from left to right, an upward slope
facing left, followed by the regular 1x2 brick, followed by another upward slope but facing right.
12. Locate two more black 2x2 half brick-half plates with attached arches. Place each onto the left
rounded plates with each arch facing the outside of the build.
13. Locate one medium gray steering wheel and two tan 2x2 bricks with a rounded top/curved slope and
two studs on the edge. Vertically place both tan 2x2 bricks to the immediate right of the white stair piece,
side by side with the slopes facing left and the two studs facing right. Now place the steering wheel to the
immediate right of the two sloped-bricks, centered-vertically, with the back of the steering wheel facing left.
14. Locate one yellow 1x1 flat tile and one medium gray 1x1 headlight brick with one stud on the top and
one stud on a side. Place the yellow 1x1 tile on the side stud and align the square edges perfectly.
15. Locate a black 1x6 plate and place it down separately to the build with its long axis running
horizontally. Place the previously assembled headlight brick from step 14 onto the second stud from the
left on the black 1x6 plate. Ensure that the yellow 1x1 tile on the side of the headlight brick is facing front.
16. Locate one yellow 2x2 L corner brick and one regular yellow 2x2 brick. Place the L corner brick to the
immediate right of the headlight brick so that, together, both pieces form a square shape. To the
immediate right of the L brick, place the regular 2x2 brick, leaving one stud exposed on the right.
17. Locate one yellow 1x2 brick and one medium gray 1x2 brick with two studs on top and two stud
indentations on a side. Place the regular yellow 1x2 brick onto the headlight brick and the L brick
horizontally. Now place the gray 1x2 brick with two indentations to the immediate right of the yellow brick,
horizontally and with the indentations facing you.
18. Locate one yellow 1x4 flat tile and one black peg. Place the yellow 1x4 tile horizontally on top of the
previous two bricks. Now place the peg into the left indentation of the gray brick from the last step.
19.1. Locate two yellow 1x1x2 bricks with two studs on a side and two transparent red round 1x1 tiles.
Place, symmetrically and vertically, each of the yellow bricks on either side of the 1x6 plate, leaving no
more studs from that plate exposed and ensuring that the top stud is facing the ceiling and the two side
studs are facing you. Now place each transparent red round tile on the front upper stud on each previously
placed brick.
19.2. Locate two transparent orange 1x1 round tiles. Place the transparent orange round tiles on the sidebottom studs under the red round tiles and on the same 1x1x2 bricks in the previous step.
20. Locate one long medium gray L bench-like panel. Rotate the build 180 degrees so that the previous
side that was facing you is now facing away from you. Now place the panel horizontally on top of the four
exposed studs on the side of the build that is facing you so that the wall is facing back.
21. Take this structure and attach this to the rear of the car, which should be the right of the build if the car
is still running horizontally. The side of the previously built structure with the long gray L panel should be
facing left toward the front of the car and align with the two studs at the right edge of the 2x6 plate in the
rear of the car. This structure should also attach to the two exposed studs at the far-most right, so in total,
it is attached to the main build by four studs.
22. Locate two yellow 1x8 plates, two yellow 1x4 plates and two yellow, 1x1 plates. Assemble all of these
pieces before attaching it to the main build. Start with the 1x8 plate running horizontally. Place the 1x1
plate underneath the 1x8 plate at the far-most right stud. Then horizontally place the 1x4 on top of the 1x8
plate at the far-most right. Repeat this with the other 1x8, 1x1, and 1x4 plates located in this step. Now
place each of these assemblies on the main build horizontally and symmetrically to one another on the
front and back. The 1x4 plates should face the rear of the car or the right of the build, leaving four exposed
studs on the 1x8 plate facing the front of the car. They should go on the right side of the build and the 1x1
plate will fit into the gap between the wheel axle and the structure from step 21.
23. Locate two long yellow 1x4 flat tiles. Place each horizontally and symmetrically to one another on the
four studs exposed on the rear of the car leaving one stud of the previous 1x4 plates exposed. These long
tiles should align perfectly with the far-right of the build.
24. Locate two yellow 1x2 slope pieces. On the same front and back long sides of the car, place each
slope downward, symmetrically to one another, facing inward toward the inside of the car, and to the
immediate left of the single exposed studs from both 1x4 plates near the rear of the car.
25. Locate one medium gray 1x4 plate and one tan 1x2 brick with two bumps on its sides. Vertically place
the 1x4 plate on top of the two vertical studs to the left of the 2x2 bricks with rounded top/curved slopes
from step 13. Now vertically place the bumpy 1x2 brick to the left of the 1x4 plate just placed, leaving a
small gap where the slopes are and two vertical studs to the left of the bumpy brick exposed.
26. Locate two yellow 2x3 plates. Horizontally and symmetrically, place each on the front and back long
sides of the car. These plates should be touching both front-of-car arches. Align these perfectly and
horizontally so that no part of this piece overhangs. Vertically, there will be two studs between the two
pieces.
27. Locate four yellow 1x1 plates. Start by connecting two of them and placing this to the immediate left of
the step 24 1x2 downward slope pieces in the center of a long side of the car. Repeat this symmetrically
by connecting the other two 1x1 plates and placing them to the left of the other 1x2 downward slope on
the other long side.
28. Locate one medium gray 1x6 tile, one medium gray 2x3 plate, and one medium gray 1x2 brick with
two studs at the top and two studs on a side. Vertically and symmetrically place the 1x6 tile on the far–
most left and very front of the car, leaving the same amount of space overhanging on the front and back.
Now place the 2x3 plate horizontally to the immediate left of the back of the steering wheel. Now place the
1x2 brick to the immediate left of the 2x3 plate, leaving the two side studs of the brick facing left.
29. Locate two yellow 1x2 tiles, two yellow 1x4 plates, and two yellow 1x2 plates. Horizontally and
symmetrically to both front and back long sides of the car, place the 1x2 flat tile immediately next to and
touching the two left tire arches, aligning its left edge to the pieces underneath and leaving no overhang.
To the immediate right of the 1x2 tiles, horizontally place the 1x2 plates. Now to fill in the two long
horizontal gaps in the front of the car, horizontally and symmetrically place each 1x4 plate on the next
studs inward from the previously placed 1x2 tiles and plates.
30. Locate one black 1x4 window frame. Vertically place this, three studs to the right of the steering wheel,
aligning the frame onto the four raised studs on a previous yellow 1x4 plate. You have just built a
separation between the space for the driver and the trunk!
31. Just a heads up that this step will be repeated! Locate one yellow 1x2 tile, one yellow 1x1 plate, one
transparent 1x2x4 window, and one 1x1x2 brick with two studs on a side. Assemble these new pieces
before attaching this to the main build. To start, place the 1x1 plate underneath the 1x1 brick with side
studs. Now connect this to the window piece horizontally with the two side studs of the brick and the two
holes of the window. Now place the 1x2 tile onto the other side of the window, perfectly aligning the two
studs. To attach this structure to the car, place this on the stud in front of the step 20 window frame. This
should be on the front long side of the car with the brick side of the window facing left and the tile side of
the window facing right. Ensure that the window is not facing inward towards the car.
32. Repeat the previous step but place the window structure on the back long side. This is really starting to
feel like a car!
33. Locate a yellow 1x6 tile. Vertically place this on top of the previously placed black 1x4 frame, perfectly
aligning the edges and leaving no overhang.
34. Locate a medium gray 1x2 rounded plate. Do not place or attach this piece yet.
35. Locate two yellow 2x2 stair pieces with two studs on a side. Place both yellow stairs side by side
symmetrically with the highest stair and all four side studs facing you. Now connect both 2x2 pieces with
the 1x2 rounded plate on the lowest stair in the center, leaving one stud exposed on either side of the
lowest steps.
36. Locate two yellow 2x2 L corner plates with three studs each. Orient one as the braille letter “f” then
place it on the back-left stud. Now orient the other as the braille letter “d” then place it on the back-right
stud. Ensure that this 2x6 rectangular structure has the long axis running horizontally.
37. Locate two yellow 1x2 tiles with one stud on top. Place the two tiles side by side vertically and
symmetrically in the center, leaving four 2x2 studs exposed on either sides.
38. Locate two yellow and black 2x2 tiles with one stud and two printed circles at one of the edges. Place
each 2x2 tile on either side of the previously placed 1x2 tiles, perfectly forming a rectangle with no
overhang or exposed studs from underneath. Ensure that the two printed circles on the left tile face the left
and the two printed circles on the right face the right.
39. Locate one black 2x3 tile (this tile may have had a sticker placed on it by a helper previously) and two
transparent 1x1 circle tiles. Symmetrically place each 1x1 circle on each stud from the previous yellow and
black 2x2 tiles with printed circles. In between the two transparent circle tiles, place the black 2x3 tile
horizontally and in the center.
40. Locate two yellow 1x1 plates. Flip this structure upside down with the long axis running horizontally still
and the same side facing front and back still. Symmetrically place each 1x1 plate on the far-back-left and
far-back-right. 
41. Flip this structure back around so that the sides that were facing front and back remain the same. If
you haven’t already, locate the car grille sticker displaying the word “DEFENDER” in the center with a
printed green bumper sticker on the bottom right corner reading “LAND-ROVER.” Place this sticker onto
the black 2x3 tile or move onto the next step if this was already done.
42. Attach this structure to the side studs facing left on the main build, while ensuring the words are
upright. The four side studs should face up, forming a 5x4 on the top hood of the car. This is really coming
together!
43. Locate one medium gray 1x4 plate and two circle pieces with small sticks attached. Place each of the
two circles with sticks to the immediate left of each of the two 1x1 plates in the center-long-sides of the
car. Have the long parts of the pieces stick outward of the car. You have just built part of the side mirrors!
Now vertically place the 1x4 plate in between the two circle-and-stick pieces. This is the base for the large
car windshield!
44. Locate a large 1x6 transparent window panel with a downward slope. Place the window on top of all
three pieces placed in the previous step. Ensure that the slope is facing the left toward the front of the car.
45. Locate one yellow 1x2 tile, one yellow 1x3 left wing/angle plate with three studs, one yellow 1x3 right
wing plate with three studs, one yellow 2x3 plate, and two yellow 1x1 quarter circle tiles. Now let’s build
the hood of the car! Start by creating a trapezoid shape onto the immediate left of the car windshield using
the 2x3 plate and the two 2x3 wing/angle plates. The longest side of the trapezoid should align with the
bottom edge/slope of the windshield and the 2x3 plate should be horizontal. Now place the 1x2 tile
vertically to the immediate left of the 2x3 plate. Then place the quarter circle tiles in front and behind that
piece with the rounded corners facing outward. To reiterate, ensure that the hood has a cohesive
trapezoid shape with rounded corners at the very front of the car.
46. Locate a yellow 2x4 tile, a yellow 1x2 tile, and two yellow 1x1 quarter circle tiles. To the immediate
right of the three pieces just placed, repeat the same build by vertically placing the 1x2 tile along with the
two 1x1 rounded quarter circles behind and in front of the 1x2. Now to the immediate right of these pieces,
vertically place the 2x4 tile. You have just created layers that give the illusion of a curved and raised hood!
47. Locate two black 1x1 plates with hooks on one end. To complete the side mirrors, attach these with
the singular studs facing the front of the car and by connecting the hook onto the top side of the previously
placed rods that stick out from underneath the sides of the windshield.
48. Locate five black tires and five black wheel rims with pin holes. Insert all five rims into the outer tires
and attach four wheels to the pegs under the four arches. Now place the fifth tire on the rear of the car on
the right of the build and connect it with the peg already placed from step 18. Now all you need is the roof!
49. Locate one yellow 2x4 plate. Place it down on your surface vertically and do not attach it to anything
yet.
50. Locate one white 4x4 arch/bridge plate. Vertically place this piece on top of the 2x4 plate from the last
step, leaving 1x4 studs exposed on the left. These pieces should be connected by only four studs and the
4x4 arch should be to the right of and covering half of the 2x4 plate.
51. Locate one white 4x4 downward slope with only four studs. Place this vertically with the four studs on
the edge facing the right and the slope facing the left. Align the four studs with the four exposed studs from
the last step on the bottom 2x4 plate. This connects both 4x4 pieces to create the base of the roof!
52. Locate one yellow 1x4 plate. Flip over the roof while ensuring the slope is still facing left and the arch
is still on the right. Now vertically place the 1x4 plate on the far-right, filling the gap in the arch piece.
53. Locate two yellow 1x4 plates and two yellow 1x2 plates. Symmetrically and horizontally place each
1x4 plate on the sides facing front and back, aligning the edges all the way to the right and leaving no
overhang. Now symmetrically and horizontally place each 1x2 plate on the second stud to the left,
skipping over one stud. You are so close to finishing! You got this!
54. Locate two black 1x6 plates. Flip over the roof so that the slope is still facing the left. Place each 1x6
plate all the way to each edge/side facing front and back, symmetrically, horizontally, leaving 2x4 studs in
between the two 1x6 plates exposed and leaving 1x4 studs all the way to the right of the roof exposed.
55. Locate two black 3x6 rectangular pipe racks with four studs. Vertically place these side by side, lining
up each of the studs of the roof rack to the previously placed 1x6 plates. You have just finished the roof!
56. Last step! Attach the roof to the top of the main build with the slope facing left, ensuring that it is facing
the same way as the downward slope of the windshield, the layered hood, and the car grille with a sticker.
Congratulations! Now the Land Rover Classic Defender is complete! The next page shows how you can
lift the roof off and place the driver inside the car and to the right of the windshield and steering wheel.
The page after shows the completed Land Rover, with the driver behind the wheel and the roof placed
back on.
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
There is one page showing an ad, after the instructions end, for the same ad previously mentioned for the
back of the box’s top inset view. To describe more in detail, set 10317 shows a green Land Rover Classic
Defender with 2,336 pieces. With many more accessories provided, you can equip the Land Rover for any
adventure with things such as a fire extinguisher, jerry cans, a toolbox, a working winch, mudguards, and
traction plates. This new Land Rover Classic Defender 90 comes with functioning steering, working
suspension, and accurate interior details as well. With 2 ways to customize, you can build your choice of a
streamlined Land Rover Estate or add accessories and gear for an epic off-road adventure.
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!
 