Lego Star Wars Microfighters 75072
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
§
Steps to build:
1. Put a F 4x4 upside down on the table.
Put a F 2x2 upside down on top of the two left columns, in the middle.
Put a F 2x2 upside down to the right.
Turn the structure right side up.
Put a FS 1x1 wedge in the right front corner, slide to the front.
Repeat symm at the back.
Put a F three-button corner piece to the left and to the front, braille letter F.
Put a F three-button corner piece to the front, braille letter H.
Put a F 2x1 with the tube underneath ver to the left, on the front left corner, the tube overhanging to the
front.
Repeat symm at the back.
Put a 2x1/2x1 corner piece (with 2x1 buttons on the piece to the front, the side buttons to the left.
Put a 2x2/3x2 step piece hot in the middle of the two right columns, the 2x2 end to the left and the 3x2
overhanging to the right.
Put a F 2x1 with the handle hor to the front, in the middle, the handle overhanging to the front.
Put a 1x1 button to the left alligned with the brick of the 2x1 handle piece)
Repeat steps 7.1.-7.2. symm at the back.
Put a F 4x4 on top, symm to the similar piece at the bottom.
Put two FS 1x1 wedges upright, slides to the bottom, on the side buttons on the left edge.
Put a F 2x2 on top of the two PPs and to the left (on the leftmost column).
Put a F 3x2 hor to the right.
Put a F 1x1 with the tube ver to the front of the rightmost column of the PP, the tube to the front.
Repeat symm at the back.
10.1. Put a F 3x1 ver to the left and to the back.
10.2. Repeat symm at the front.
10.3. Put a F 3x1 right wing piece (the one with the sharp corner to the front to the right when the buttons
are vertically on the left) ver to the left (the sharp corner should be at the back to the left).
10.4. Repeat symm at the back.
11. Skip one column from the left and put a F 4x4 frame piece in the middle.
Put a F 2x2 to the right, in the middle.
Put a 2x1/2x2 corner piece ver to the right, the side buttons overhanging to the right to the bottom.
12. Put a F 2x2 trapeze piece ver on the leftmost column, the shortest side overhanging to the left.
13. Put a F 2x2 washer-board piece ver, on the front row, the curve end overhanging to the front.
Repeat symm at the back.
14. Turn your structure upside down and left to right.
14.1. Make a part. Put a FS 2x2 disk on the table, button side up.
14.2. Put a 2x1/2x1 corner piece ver on the right column, side buttons overhanging to the right.
14.3. Put a F 2x1 with the two clasps upright, ver, on the side buttons of the PP, the clasps to the bottom.
14.4. Put a F 2x1 grate piece upright, ver, on the PP.
14.5. repeat steps 14.1. – 14.4. to make two such parts.
Install one upright, hor, the clasps to the top, on the front edge. Repeat symm at the back.
15. Put a two-clasp wing piece in the middle of the front edge of the main body, the cut-off corner to the 
front to the right, putting the clasps on the handle.
Repeat symm at the back.
16. Make two shooters by inserting the pegs into the long connectors and put hor, the pegs to the left, in
the attached tubes to the right of the wings.
17. Put two 2x1 lip pieces hor, upside down, lips to the right, in the recess in the middle of the left side.
18. Turn your structure the right side up.
Skip one column from the right and put a F 1x1 with a clasp ver on the back row, the clasp to the back.
Put a F three-button corner piece to the front and to the left, braille letter H.
19. Put two FS 1x1 wedges on the rightmost column, slides to the right.
Put a F 2x1 with one button ver to the left.
Repeat.
20. Put a F 2x1 with the clasp hor to the front and to the left, touching corners with the PP, the clasp to
the front.
Repeat symm at the back.
Put a F 2x1 ver to the left and to the front, touching corners with the PP.
21. Put a FS 4x1 receiver piece hor to the front and to the right.
Repeat symm at the back.
22. Put a F 2x1 with one button ver to the front of the leftmost column of the PP.
Put a F 2x1 with one button ver to the left (and 1/3 down).
Put a F 2x2 to the left.
23. Put a joystick piece on the rightmost button.
Put a FS 1x1 wedge to the left, slide to the right.
Skip one column to the left and put another wedge there, slide to the left.
Put another wedge to the left (and 1/3 down), slide to the left.
24. Insert a round end of a half-Philips connector from the left hor into the attached tube at the front on
the left.
Repeat symm at the back.
Put a S 2x2 loft piece upright, slide to the top, on the side buttons on the left edge.
25. Make a part. Stack two F 2x2 disks. Put a FS disk on top. (the flat smooth disks have a line down the
midle, to imitate an engine. 
Repeat to make two such parts.
Install upright at the front and at the back from the left, the smooth side to the left, by putting the centers
into the two connectors.
26.1. Make a part. Put a long connector hor on the table, wide end to the right. Put a button upright on
the right end. Put a two-clasp wing upright hor, the clasps on the connector, the cuto-off corner to the left
to the back.
26.2. Repeat to make two such parts.
Install one hor at the front, as is, in the middle (to the right of the stacked disks) by putting the connector
on the clasp there.
Repeat symm at the back.
27.1. Make a part. Put a long stick hor on the table, the ring to the left. Put the cone on the left end,
narrow end first. Put a button on the wide end.
27.2. Repeat to make two.
Install one as is at the front edge at the bottom by putting the right side of the stick in the two clasps at the
bottom.
Repeat symm at the back.
Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
§
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.