8092 Luke's Landspeeder
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
When he drove the old hermit Ben Kenobi into Mos Eisley spaceport, young farm boy Luke Skywalker™
had no idea that he would end up becoming a Jedi Knight and saving the galaxy. Recreate the moment
the adventure began with this special edition set, featuring an landspeeder vehicle with a secret
lightsaber compartment, a cast of droids and heroes, and a sandtrooper guard with a security droid. Are
these the droids he’s looking for?
The box features advertisements for sets 8083 (rebel trooper battle pack) 8084 (snow trooper battle
pack) and 8085 (Freeco speeder.)
Build the Minifigs. First build the sandtrooper. He wears a large helmet. His torso is printed with (what
looks like black sunglasses on his chest) his clothes are white, and his belt is black. Above the belt are
some teeth, resembling a city sky-line. Put on a short cape, (aligning the two neck-loops one on top of the
other, so the cape curves inwards, then put on a 1x1 neck bracket, before attaching the head and helmet.
Then build his jet-pack. Take a 2x1 with handle, put i t hor on the table, handle to the back. Take 2 1x1
clasps and put them ver on the two buttons of the pp. Put two candlestick pieces in the clasps narrow
side to the back. Mount it on the button of his back bracket, clasp to the right or left, (note the instructions
say to mount it clasp on top, but that's not possible. Give him a blaster pistol.
Build Luke. He wears a simple cloth tunic, with a belt with a silver belt buckle. Build C3po. He is chrome in
color, his stomach feature, either a large eye, or a spring, or motor, (it's hard to tell. Build (I think) Ben
Kenobe. He wears a simple tunic, with a brown belt. He has a slight grey beard, and sideburns. Give
Luke and Obi-Wan, their light-sabers by inserting the sticks into the candlestick pieces, the blades are
transparent blue in color. Built R2d2 by connecting the legs to the left and right of the cylindrical body and
putting the 2x2 dome with one button on top. Build the centy droid: put a 1x1 saucer on the table. put a
cylinder on top. Repeat. Put a 1x1 with 4 side buttons on top. Put two 1x1 fs wedges on the left and
right-side buttons, slides to the front. Put a 1x1 button on the front button. Put a 1x1 joystick on the back
button of the 1x1.
The Landspeeder:
1. 1. Put a 6x4 hor on the table.
2. Put a 1x1 with side button the the back right button, side button to the right. Put another such piece to
the front the same way. Repeat the two previous steps Sym on the left side.
3. Put a 2x1 with a side hole ver to the front of the pps. Repeat symm at the right.
4. Put 21x1s on the back row, to the left and to the right respectively of the 1x1s with side buttons.
5. Put a f10x1 in the middle, aligned at the back, and protruding to the front.
6. Put a f8x4 hor under the protruding 4 free buttons of the 10x2.
7. Repeat in the front. 
8. Put a f2x1 slide piece slide to the front, vertically to the left of the 4th and fith rows of the 10x2, so that
it is to the right of the left 2x1 with side hole. Repeat symm on the right.
9. Skip 1 button to the right from the front of the previous piece and put a 1x1 with side button there, side
button to the right. Mount a fs1x1 wedge on the side button, wedge to the front. Repeat sym on the left.
10. Put a 2x1 slide hor on the fourth row from the front, on the second and third columns from the left,
slide to the left. Repeat symm on the right. Put a f2x1 ver to the front of the right side of the pp. Put a flat
2x1 hor to the left of the front end of the previous piece. Put a f2x1 ver to the left and to the back.
11. Stack 2 f4x1s and put them hor on top of the 3 pps.
12. Put 2 2x1 slide pieces, to the back on top of the 10x1 slides to the back.
13. Put a 1x1 fs corner piece, to the front of the left 1x1 with side button, Opening to the left and to the
front. Put another such piece the same way to the front. Put a 2x1 bench piece ver to the front back of the
bench to the right. Put a 1x1 corner piece to the front, opening to the left and to the back. Repeat symm
on the right-side side.
14. Put a f8x4 hor to the front of your structure, aligned like the other 8x4s.
15. Connect it to the structure by putting a g4x1 ver in the middle of the piece at the back. Put a 1x1 to
the front of the left front 1x1 corner piece. Repeat symm at the right edge.
16. Put 2f pizza pieces at the front of your structure so that they form a semi-circle.
17. Connect them to the main structure by putting a 4x2 ver to the front of the previous 4x2.
Put a fs2x1 grey bench piece hor to the front of the PP, back to the front. Put two more grey bench pieces
ver, to the front of the 1x1 on the the left and right sides of your structures, backs to the left.
19. Put an 8x1 ver on the left side of your structure, on the second column, skipping the two front rows.
Repeat symmetrically at the right. Put a 2x1 curve to the front and to the left of the pp, repeat symm at the
left side.
20. Put a f4x1 with a connector upright into the hole of the left 2x1 with hole at the left of your structure.
Repeat symm at the right. Put a f2x1 bench piece, seat to the front in between the the 2x1 slides. Repeat
at the back of your structure the same way.
21. Put a 1x1 wedge on the button of a 2x1 slide, wedge slide in the same direction as the 2x1 slide.
repeat to make two such parts. Mount these parts, upright slides to the back, on the 2 upright back
buttons on the left and right of your structure respectively.
22. Put a f2x1 ver on the left edge at the back, skipping one row from the back. Repeat symm at the right
side. Put a fs2x1 hor to the front and to right, repeat symm at the right.
23. Rotate your structure 180dg and mount a 2x1/2x2 corner piece ver on the front left and front right of
your structure.
24. Put 2 f2x1 ribbed wedges on each of the pps vertically slide to the bottom.
25. Turn your structure 180dg. Put 2 f8x1s on the left and right sides of your structure to cover the bench
and flat corner pieces. Put a f2x1 hor in front of the 2 1x1 slides in the middle of your structure. Put 2
fs2x1s to the hor to the left and to the right of the pp.
26. Put a f4x2 aligning at the right with the pp. Put a f2x1 hor to the right of the back row of the pp, put a
fs2x1 grate hor to the front.
27. Take a long stick, and curve it around the front, so that the bench piece secures it, so that they
curve in a semi-circle. Do the same with the other stick.
28. Put a f8x4 behind the pizza pieces.
29. Cover the two existing pizza pieces with two pizza pieces in the same semi-circular orientation.
30. Turn your structure upside-down. Take 2 2x2 convex disks, and put 1 in the middle at the back, one
on the left edge to connect the 6x4 with the first 8x4 two on thel eft and right edges to connect the first
and second 8x4s, One in the middle to connect the second and third 8x4, and one in the middle to
connect the 8x4 with the semi-circle.
31. Take 5 fs2x1s and a f2x1 grate piece. Put a fs2x1 ver on the back edge, at the right. Repeat symm
at the left. Put a 2x1 grate piece to the front of the pp. Put a fs2x1 ver at the right symmetrically to the
grate piece. Put the remaining 2fs2x1s ver on the slide pieces in the middle of the structure.
32. Take 2 fs1x1 wedges and put them to the left and right of your pps at the back.
33. put a steering wheel in the left gap behind the pps.
34. Put 2 seats in the left and right gaps, one to the back of the steering wheel, and one to the right of it.
35. Put a curved transparent windshield piece in front of the steering wheel. Take 2 1x1 buttons and put
them on the fourth row from the front, skipping one column from the left hor, one next to the other.
36. Take 5 fs2x1s and put one on the 2 buttons in the previous step. Skip two rows to the back, from the 
left button and put a fs2x1 ver there, Put a fs2x1 touching corners, to the front and to the right. Put
another fs2x1 hor to the right, put another fs2x1 touching corners with the pp, ver to the back.
37. Take a 3x1 corner piece Take a large rocket piece and turn it so that hte point is to the back, and hte
platform is to the right. Put the corner piece on it in the shape of a braille letter d. Then mount the
rocket-with-corner as is, into the gap between the wedges at the left back of your structure. Tip: Remove
the front wedge, invert the rocket, and replace the wedge afterward.
38. Take 2 1x1 saucers, 1 3x1 corner, and one ribbed rocket. Put a 3x1 corner on the same way as with
the other rocket, stack 2 1x1 saucers, and put them onto the front end of the rocket. Connect it at the
right-back of your structure, opposite the other rocket.
Put momentarily aside, make a part.
39. Put a f4x1 on the table. Put a fs2x1 hor at the back, in the middle, put a f2x1 with one button hor to
the front, repeat. Put a f2x1 with a tube, to the front, tube to the front, overhanging to the front. Put a
fs2x1 hor on top in the front. Put a f2x1 with one button hor to the back. Put a 3x1 curve ver on top and to
the back, slide to the back. Insert the connector into the tube. Put your rocket wide-end to the back
platform on the top, put 2x1 with vertical tubes hor on the front button, put a f2x1 hor to hte back, flip this
part upside-down and attach it to the connector on the 4x4. Put the finished part at the back of your
structure.
Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.