31140 Magical Unicorn
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
Imaginative kids aged 7+ can be transported to a mythical land for enthralling action with this 3in1
Magical Unicorn (31140) building set. It features a unicorn toy with a golden horn, colorful tail, and
posable legs and hooves. It can be presented in 2 different positions: standing on 4 legs or reared up on
its 2 hind legs for an iconic pose and displayed on the set’s rainbow stand.
Build colorful animals from LEGO® bricks:
The mythical action never stops with 3 different magical creatures for little builders to assemble in this
LEGO Creator 3in1 set. They can build a posable Magical Unicorn, rebuild it into a posable seahorse toy
with a seabed stand, turn it into a posable magical peacock with a colorful tail, or even use the bricks to
create another enchanting creature.
Long-lasting play value:
- Kids can enjoy fun stories with 3 different scenes in a mythical land: trot across a rainbow with a Magical
Unicorn, swim with a seahorse or play with a peacock
Posable models:
- Each of the 3 creatures has posable body parts: the unicorn can move its legs and hooves; the
seahorse moves its tail, fins and head; and the peacock has a movable tail and eyes
Play and display:
- All 3 of these durable magical animals can be easily displayed: the unicorn on a rainbow stand, the
seahorse toy on a seabed stand, and the toy peacock on its 2 legs
A fun build:
- This 145-piece playset gives kids aged 7+ an enjoyable building task before the imaginative play begins
and can be given as an unexpected treat, birthday present or holiday gift
Play on the go:
- Standing over 5 in. (13 cm) tall, the Magical Unicorn can be played with at home by kids or popped in a
bag and taken with them on their travels
More 3in1 fun:
- Look out for other LEGO® Creator 3in1 playsets, including Vintage Motorcycle (31135), Exotic Parrot
(31136) and Beach Camper Van (31138)
The front of the box shows a unicorn rearing up on a rainbow. The rainbow curls through pink fluffy clouds
in a deep purple sky, studded with stars. The unicorn has a white body, silver hooves, and a golden horn.
Its mane is pink, red, and orange, and its tail is dark blue, light blue and teal. The Unicorn is standing on
its rear legs, lifting its front legs in the air. It stands on a small circular base with rainbow colors! There are
two small insets showing a seahorse and a peacock model.
The top of the box shows a small picture of each of the three builds in the kit, as well as a life size picture
of the unicorn’s horn to give a sense of scale.
The back of the box shows three images. The first image shows a seahorse swimming near a piece of
coral underwater! The seahorse is brightly colored, and has a unicorn horn! The second image shows the
unicorn, once again on the rainbow in the sky. Now, however, the unicorn is walking along the rainbow.
The last image is of a peacock standing in a field in front of a castle. The sky is the same deep purple as
the sky in the unicorn images. The peacock is a white bird with orange feet and an orange bill. Its tail is
brightly colored, with blue, yellow, orange, red and teal!
The unicorn build is 145 pieces, and 58 building steps. The seahorse build is 95 pieces, and 48 building
steps. The peacock build is 90 pieces, and 41 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/31140) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with some unlabeled bags, and an instruction booklet. Sort the pieces into groups
as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will
be split across two groups to make telling the difference easier for the builder! LEGO includes a few spare
parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group away from the rest, in case you need
them later.
Unicorn Build (12 groups of bricks)
Sub-build - Rainbow Base
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-4.
Group 2 contains two light blue 1x2 plates, a light blue 2x2 tile with a single stud, two light blue 1x2
curved slope tiles, and teal two 1x3 curved slope tiles.
Group 3 contains two orange 1x2 plates, an orange 2x2 tile with a single stud, two light orange 1x3
curved slope tiles and two orange 1x2 curved slope tiles.
Group 4 contains two red 1x2 curved slope tiles.
Main build - Magical Unicorn
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 10-17.
Group 6 contains the pieces for steps 18-20. Stack two light teal 1x2 plates together to help the builder
differentiate colors.
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 21-22. Stack two orange 1x1 bricks with a stud on one side
together.
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 23-27.
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 28-33.
Group 10 contains the pieces for steps 34-39.
Group 11 contains the pieces for steps 40-46.
Group 12 contains the pieces for steps 47-58. Stack the purple 1x4 plate on top of the teal 1x4 plate.
§
Building Instructions:
Open group 1.
Sub-build 1 - Rainbow base
A note for sighted helpers: I have rearranged the instructions for this entire sub-build to make the
instructions more straightforward. For the main build, I have divided large steps into sub-steps, while
keeping the base step number the same. Aka, step 3 might have sub-steps 3.1, 3.2, etc.
1. We’ll start off by building the base for the unicorn to stand on. This is a white circle with horizontal
stripes of color, like a rainbow! Place a white 4x8 half-circular plate in front of you, with the flat side at the
left. Place another symmetrically to the left of the first, so they make a circle.
2. Place a teal 2x6 plate, vertically long, centered vertically and horizontally on the pieces from the
previous step. It should connect them together.
3. Place a white 1x2 half-circular tile, with the flat part at the back, in front of the 2x6 plate from the
previous step. Place another symmetrically behind the 2x6 plate from the previous step.
4. Place a dark purple 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left on the back right stud of the 2x6
plate. It should extend one stud to the right and attach to one of the 4x8 half-circular plates. Place another
symmetrically to the left of the first.
Open group 2.
5.1 Place a light blue 1x2 plate, vertically long, in front of the right stud of the right piece from the previous
step. Place another light blue 1x2 plate symmetrically on the left side of the base.
5.2. Place a light blue 2x2 tile with a single stud, centered horizontally between the two pieces from the
previous step.
6. Place a light blue 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, to the right of the previous piece,
even with the back of the previous piece. The cutout should be on the back stud of a 1x2 plate. Place
another symmetrically on the left side of the base.
7. Place a teal 2x3 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, in front of the right piece from the previous
step, with the cutout on a 1x2 plate. Place another symmetrically on the left side of the base.
Open group 3.
8.1. Place two orange 1x2 plates, vertically long, one in front of each of the light blue 1x2 plates from step
5.1.
8.2. Place an orange 2x2 tile with a single stud, centered horizontally between the two pieces from the
previous step.
8.3. Place a yellow 2x3 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, to the right of the previous piece, even
with the back of the previous piece, with the cutout on a 1x2 plate. Place another symmetrically on the left
side of the base.
9.1. Place an orange 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, in front of the right piece from the
previous step, with the cutout on a 1x2 plate.
Open group 4.
9.2. Place a red 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout on the left, in front of the previous piece, offset one
stud to the left so the cutout is on the front row of the 2x6 plate from step 2. Place another red 1x2 curved
slope tile symmetrically to the left of the first.
Main build - Magical Unicorn
Open group 5.
10.1. Now we’ll start on the unicorn! We start by making its body. Place a white 4x6 plate, horizontally
long, in front of you.
10.2. Place a light teal 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers on one long side, with the click fingers at the
right, on the front two studs on the rightmost column of the previous piece. This piece looks like a normal
1x2 plate, but it has two vertical circle shapes sticking off of one end. These shapes have little bumps all
around the circles. Place another light teal 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers on one long side, in the
same orientation, behind the first.
11.1. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the front piece from the previous step.
Place another light teal 2x4 plate, horizontally long, behind the first.
11.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with a vertical clip on one long side, with the clip on the left, to the left of the
front piece from the previous step. Place another, in the same orientation, behind the first.
12.1. Place a white 1x4 brick, vertically long, on the rightmost column of the build.
12.2. Place a white 1x4 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece on the front row of the
build. Place another on the back row of the build.
13. Place an orange 1x4 arch brick, horizontally long, behind the front piece from the previous step. Place
another, in the same orientation, behind the first.
14. Place a white 1x1 plate with a 1x1 slope tile, with the slope at the front, on one side to the left of the
previous piece, even with the front and left of the body. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
15.1. Place a white 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the back, on the front stud of the 1x4 brick at the
right side of the body. Place another symmetrically on the back stud of the 1x4 brick.
15.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with a vertical clip on one long side, with the clip on the right, between the
previous two pieces.
16. Place a white 1x4 plate with a 1x4x1 curved slope on one side, with the curve at the front and
centered horizontally, on the front two rows of the body. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
17.1. Place a light teal 1x2 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, to the left of the pieces from the
previous step.
17.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with a 1x2x1 inverted curved slope on one side, with the slope at the left, on
the previous piece. It should overhang one column to the left.
17.3. Place a light teal 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the right column of the previous piece.
Open group 6. There are two light teal 1x2 plates stuck together on this step. Leave them together for
now. The other 1x2 plate is red.
18. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, horizontally long and centered vertically, on the body, with the right end
even with the right end of the body.
19. Find a white 5x2x2 step brick. This looks like two 2x3 plates connected by a 1x2x2 tall brick. Place the
lower plate of this piece to the left of the previous piece, with the tall piece at the left. This forms the base
of the unicorn’s neck.
20.1. Separate the two light teal 1x2 plates. Place one, vertically long, on the left column of the low part of
the previous piece. It should be to the right of the tall part of the neck.
20.2. Place a white 1x2 brick, vertically long, on the previous piece.
20.3. Place the last light teal 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the previous piece.
20.4. Place a red 1x1 brick with a stud on one side on the front stud of the previous piece with the side
stud at the front. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
20.5. Place a red 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the pieces from the previous step.
Open group 7. There are two orange 1x1 bricks with a stud on one side stuck together on this step. Leave
them together for now. The other two 1x1 bricks with a stud on one side are white.
21.1. Place a white 1x1 brick with a stud on one side on the front stud to the right of the stack of pieces
we made in the past few steps. Place it with the side stud at the front. Place another symmetrically behind
the first.
21.2. Now you can unstack the two orange 1x1 bricks with a stud on one side. Place one orange 1x1
brick with a stud on one side to the right of the front piece from the previous step. Place it with the side
stud at the front. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
22.1. Over the next few steps, we’ll start adding brightly colored curved pieces, which make up the
unicorn’s flowing mane! The mane is red, pink, and two shades of orange. Place an orange 1x2 concave
slope, with the slope on the right, on the front pieces from the previous two steps. Place another in the
same orientation behind the first.
22.2. Place a red 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the studs of the previous two pieces.
Open group 8.
23.1. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the third row from the right on the body.
23.2. Place an orange 1x2 quarter cylinder, with the thick side at the left, on the previous piece.
24. Place a red 1x1 plate with a 1x1x1 curved slope on one side, with the slope at the right, on the front
stud of the tallest part of the neck. The cutout of the curved slope should attach to the tallest portion, and
the lower part of the curved slope should attach to the 1x2 plate on the concave slopes. Place another in
the same orientation behind the first.
25.1. Place a white 2x3 brick, horizontally long, on the left three columns of the unicorn. This forms the
basis for the unicorn’s head.
25.2. Place a teal 2x2 plate on the right two columns of the previous piece.
26.1. Place a white 1x2 plate with four studs hanging down from one side to the left of the previous piece,
with the side studs at the left.
26.2. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long on the second column from the left on the head.
26.3. Place a red 1x2 plate with a pin-hole, horizontally long with the hole at the right, on the front row to
the right of the previous piece. Place another behind the first.
27. Place a 1x2 plate with four studs hanging down from one side, with the studs at the front, on the stud
of the front piece from the previous step. It should extend left onto the orange 1x2 plate from step 26.2.
Place another symmetrically behind the first.
Open group 9.
28.1. Place a white 1x2 slope tile to the left of the pieces from the previous step, with the thick side at the
right.
28.2. Place a white 2x2 half cylinder brick with two studs on top, on the side studs at the left of the head.
The studs on this piece should make a horizontal line. This is the unicorn’s nose.
29.1. Place a pink 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the right column of studs on the unicorn’s head.
29.2. Place a pink 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long, on the previous piece. A jumper plate is a 1x2 plate
with a single stud on top, or a 1x3 plate with only two studs on top.
29.3. Place a pink 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the right, on the front stud to the left of the previous
two pieces. Place another, in the same orientation, behind the first.
30.1. There should now be seven studs on each side of the unicorn. Four in a 2x2 square on the side of
the head, one just to the right and below these, and two in a horizontal row on the side of the body above
the 1x4 plates with a 1x4x1 curved slope on one side. Place a light orange 1x1 quarter circle tile on the
bottom right side stud, with the corner at the bottom left. Place another, in the same orientation, on the
side stud to the right of the square of side studs.
30.2. Find a light orange 2x2 quarter circle tile with a quarter circle cut-out. This tile is cutout so it looks
like a macaroni noodle, I’ll call it a “2x2 macaroni tile” from now on. Place this on the bottom side stud, to
the left of the first quarter circle tile from the previous step. Place it so it curves up and to the left. It should
touch each of the quarter circle tiles from the previous piece. This makes a light orange portion of the
unicorn’s mane.
31.1. Place a white 2x2 circular tile with an eye pattern on the remaining four side studs on the head.
31.2. Find a white 1x1 plate with a triangular tooth on one side. Find the pin-hole on the right side of the
head. This is just to the right of the eye. Place the stud of the tooth plate into the front pin hole, with the
tooth on top. This is the left ear of the unicorn. Now rotate the unicorn 180 degrees so the head is on the
right.
32.1. Place a light orange 1x1 quarter circle tile on the bottom left side stud on the unicorn’s body, with
the corner at the bottom right. Place another, in the same orientation, on the side stud to the left of the
square of side studs. This is symmetrical to pieces from step 30.1.
32.2. Place a light orange 2x2 macaroni tile on the bottom side stud, to the right of the first quarter circle
tile from the previous step. Place it so it curves up and to the right. It should touch each of the quarter
circle tiles from the previous piece. This is symmetrical to the piece from step 30.2.
33.1. Place a white 2x2 circular tile with an eye pattern on the remaining four side studs on the head.
33.2. Make the unicorn’s other ear by placing the stud of a white 1x1 tooth plate into the pin-hole on the
head to the left of the previous piece, with the tooth at the top. This should be symmetrical to the first ear.
Open group 10.
34.1. Now we’ll make the bottom of the unicorn’s body, set the unicorn aside for now. Place a white 2x4
double inverted slope, vertically long, in front of you. This piece looks like a 2x2 plate with a 1x2 inverted
slope on each side.
34.2. Place a light teal 1x2 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the left column of the previous
piece.
34.3. Place a teal 2x2 plate to the right of the previous piece.
34.4. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, horizontally long and centered vertically, on the previous two pieces,
with the left end even with the left end of the assembly.
34.5. Place a white 4x4 inverted wedge, with the narrow end at the right, on the previous pieces,
attaching it from the bottom. It should touch the 2x4 double inverted slope on the left, and the studs on
top should all be even.
34.6. Now place the unicorn back in front of you with the head at the left. Attach the lower body to the
bottom of the body. The right end of the lower body should be even with the right end of the unicorn.
35.1. Now we’ll start building the front legs of the unicorn. Set the body aside for now. We’ll build two
legs, so do steps 35.1 - 38.3 twice. Start by placing a white 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers on one
short side in front of you, horizontally long with the fingers at the left.
35.2. Place a white 1x1 plate with a vertical clip on one side, with the clip on the right, on the right stud of
the previous piece.
36. Place a white 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the previous piece. It should extend
one stud to the left and attach to the 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers.
37.1. Attach a white 1x1 plate with a horizontal bar on two opposite ends to the 1x1 plate with a vertical
clip from step 35.2.. Attach one of the bars to the clip on the 1x1 with a clip. It should overhang to the right
with the stud pointing up.
37.2. Place a white 1x1 tile with one rounded end on the stud of the previous piece, with the rounded end
at the left.
38.1. Place a light gray 2x2 plate with a single click hinge finger on top in front of you, with the click finger
at the right.
38.2. Place a light gray 1x2 half circle tile, with the straight side at the right, on the left column of the
previous piece. These two pieces make the foot of the unicorn! Rotate the foot so the half circle tile is on
top, and the click finger is on the bottom, pointing right.
38.3. Attach the click finger from the foot to the click fingers on the left side of the leg. Repeat the last 8
steps to make another leg! Each leg should have a bar at the rightmost end and a foot at the left end.
39. Place the unicorn in front of you, with the head at the left. Keeping the foot at the left, attach the bar of
one leg to the front clip under the unicorn’s neck. Attach the other leg in the same way to the back clip
under the neck.
Open group 11.
40.1. Now we’ll start building the rear legs of the unicorn. Set the unicorn aside for now. Once again, we’ll
make two of these. Start by placing a white 1x4 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
40.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers on one short side, with the click fingers on the
left, on the left two studs of the previous piece.
41. Place a light teal 1x3 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece. Flip the leg over so the
studs are down and the click fingers are at the left.
42.1. Place a light teal 1x2 inverted curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, on the right two anti-stud
on the leg. “Anti-stud” is a term for the portion of a LEGO piece which accepts studs, like the bottom of a
plate.
42.2. Place a white 1x1 circular plate to the left of the previous piece. Flip the leg over so the studs are on
top and the click fingers are on the left.
43. Place a white 1x2 plate with a single upright click finger on one end, horizontally long with the click
finger on the right, on the right two studs of the leg.
44. Place a white 1x3 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the stud of the previous piece. It
should extend two studs to the left.
45.1. Place a light gray 2x2 plate with a single click hinge finger on top in front of you, with the click finger
at the right.
45.2. Place a light gray 1x2 half circle tile, with the straight side at the right, on the left column of the
previous piece. We made another foot for the unicorn! Rotate the foot so the half circle tile is on top, and
the click finger is on the bottom, pointing right.
45.3. Attach the click finger from the foot to the click fingers on the left side of the leg. Repeat the last 10
steps to make another leg! Each leg should have a click finger on top at the rightmost end and a foot at
the left end.
46. Place the unicorn in front of you with the head at the left. Take one leg and rotate it so the foot is at
the bottom and the click finger at the top is on the left. Attach the leg to the front pair of click fingers at the
right side of the unicorn’s body. Do the same for the other leg to attach it behind the first. Rotate the front
legs down so the unicorn can stand on all four legs!
Open group 12. There are two 1x4 plates stacked together in this group. The top one is the purple one
you’ll use for the next step, so remove it now.
47.1. Now we’ll build the unicorn’s tail! This is purple, teal, and two shades of blue. Set the body of the
unicorn aside for now. Place a purple 1x4 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
47.2. Place a blue 1x2 plate with a bar on one short end, with the bar on the right, on the right two studs
of the previous piece.
48.1. Place a blue 1x1 plate to the left of the previous piece.
48.2. Place a purple 1x2 inverted slope with a cutout, with the slope on the left, to the left of the previous
piece.
49.1. Place a blue 1x1 plate on the left stud of the previous piece.
49.2. Place a blue 1x2 brick with two studs on each side, horizontally long, on the right two studs of the
tail. Place another to the left of the first.
50.1. Place a teal 1x4 plate, horizontally long on the left four studs on the tail.
50.2. Place a teal 1x1 plate with a 1x1x1 curved slope on one side, with the slope at the right, to the right
of the previous piece. The slope part of this should overhang one stud to the right over the bar at the right
of the tail.
51.1. Place a teal 1x3 tile, horizontally long, on the stud of the previous piece. It should extend two studs
to the left.
51.2. Place a teal 1x2 concave slope, with the slope at the right, to the left of the previous piece.
51.3. Place a teal 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the right, on the stud of the previous piece.
52. Find the four side studs on the front of the tail. Place a light blue 1x2 tile on the center two side studs.
53.1. Place a light blue 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the bottom left, to the right of the previous
piece.
53.2. Place a light blue 2x2 macaroni tile to the left of the 1x2 tile on the side, curving up to the left like the
rest of the tail. Rotate the tail 180 degrees, so the tall part is at the right.
54. Place a light blue 1x2 tile on the center two side studs.
55.1. Place a light blue 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the bottom right, to the left of the previous
piece.
55.2. Place a light blue 2x2 macaroni tile to the right of the 1x2 tile on the side, curving up to the right like
the rest of the tail.
56. Place the unicorn back in front of you, with the head at the left. Attach the bar at the left end of the tail
to the clip on the top right of the unicorn.
57.1. Congratulations now the unicorn is complete! Wait! No, it’s just a horse right now! We forgot the
horn!! Place a gold 1x1 cone on the jumper plate on the head.
57.2. Push a gold unicorn horn down through the hollow stud on the cone, with the pointy end of the horn
pointing up.
58. Now place the base in front of you. The unicorn’s back legs attach to the two 2x2 tiles with a single
stud in the center of the base. Once it’s on the base, you can pose the unicorn’s legs to make it rear up or
look like it’s running!
Congratulations! Now the Magical Unicorn is complete! Next up are the instructions for the Seahorse,
followed by the instructions for the Peacock.
Seahorse Build (13 groups of bricks)
Sub-build: Seahorse Base
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-9.
Main Build: Seahorse
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 10-13.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 14-18.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 19-20. Stack two orange 1x1 bricks with side studs together to help
the builder differentiate colors.
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 21-23, as well as a purple 1x2 curved slope tile from step 24.
Group 6 contains the pieces for steps 24-25.
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 26-27.
Group 8 contains the pieces for step 28, as well as a purple 1x2 curved slope tile from step 29.
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 29-30.
Group 10 contains the pieces for steps 31-32.
Group 11 contains the pieces for steps 33-37.
Group 12 contains the pieces for steps 38-44.
Group 13 contains the pieces for steps 45-48.
Building Instructions:
A note for sighted helpers:I have divided large steps into sub-steps, while keeping the base step number
the same. Aka, step 3 might have sub-steps 3.1, 3.2, etc.
Open group 1.
Sub-build: Seahorse base
1. Place a white 4x8 half-circular plate in front of you, with the flat part at the back. Place another
symmetrically behind the first so they form a circle. They are not connected right now.
2. Place a white 4x6 plate, horizontally long and centered vertically and horizontally, on the previous two
pieces. It will connect them together.
3. Place a light gray 1x2 half circle tile, with the flat part at the back, in front of the second and third studs
from the right on the plate from the previous step. Place a second half circle tile, with the flat part at the
front behind the second and third studs from the left on the plate from the previous step. Place a third half
circle tile, with the flat side at the right and centered vertically, to the left of the plate from the previous
step. Place a fourth symmetrically on the right side of the base.
4. Place a white 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the back, to the left of the front piece from the
previous step. Place another, with the thick side at the front, to the right of the back piece from the
previous step.
5.1. Place a light blue 1x2 tile, vertically long, on the back two studs on the right column of the 4x6 plate
on the base.
5.2. Place a light blue 1x1 quarter circle tile in front of the previous piece, with the corner at the back left.
5.3. Place a light blue 1x2 plate, horizontally long, on the back row of the 4x6 plate, to the left of the 1x2
tile.
6. Place a teal 1x3 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the left stud of the previous piece. It
should extend two studs to the left of the previous piece.
7.1. Place a teal 1x2 concave slope, with the slope at the front, in front of the left stud of the previous
piece.
7.2. Place a white 2x3 brick, horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece.
8.1. Place a light blue 1x2 plate, horizontally long, in front of the left column of the previous piece so it
extends one stud past the left of the previous piece.
8.2. Place a light blue 1x2 tile, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece so it extends one stud
behind the previous piece.
8.3. Place a light blue 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the front right, behind the previous piece.
9.1. Place a teal 1x3 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, on the right stud of the front 1x2 plate so
that it extends two studs past the 1x2 plate.
9.2. Place a teal 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side on the right, on the stud of the 1x2 concave slope,
which is on the third column from the left on the base.
9.3. Place a white 2x2 half cylinder brick with two studs on top, with the studs in a vertical row, on the left
two columns on the 2x3 brick to the right of the previous piece. Now the base is complete, set it aside for
now.
Open group 2.
Main build: Seahorse
10.1. We’ll start the seahorse by building its body! Place a teal 2x6 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
10.2. Place a light gray 2x2 plate with a single click hinge finger on top, with the click finger at the right, on
the right two columns of the previous piece.
11.1. Place a purple 1x4 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, to the left of the previous piece.
11.2. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece.
11.3. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece. It should overhang two
studs to the left.
12.1. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, horizontally long, on the anti-stud of the previous piece. It should extend
two studs past the left end of the previous piece. “Anti-stud” is a term for the portion of a LEGO piece
which accepts studs, like the bottom of a plate.
12.2. Place a light gray 2x2 plate with a single click hinge finger on top, with the click finger at the left, on
the left two columns of the previous piece.
13. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the click finger of the previous piece. Place
another, in the same orientation, to the right of the first.
Open group 3.
14.1. Place an orange 1x2 quarter cylinder, with the thick side at the left, on the right column of the
previous piece.
14.2. Place a white 1x4 plate, horizontally long, on the front row to the left of the previous piece. Place
another, in the same orientation, behind the first.
15.1. Place a white 1x1 plate with a 1x1 slope tile, with the slope at the left, to the left of the front piece
from the previous step. Place another, in the same orientation behind the first.
15.2. Place a white 1x2 half circle tile, with the flat side at the right, to the left of the pieces from the
previous step.
16. Place a red 1x1 plate with a 1x1x1 curved slope on one side, with the slope at the front, on the front
stud of the rightmost open column of studs. The curved slope portion should overhang one stud to the
front. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
17. Place a white 1x2 plate with four studs hanging down from one side, with the side studs at the front, to
the left of the front piece from the previous step. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
18. Place a light teal 1x3 plate, horizontally long, on the front piece from the previous step, extending one
stud to the right so it attaches to the front 1x1 plate with a 1x1x1 curved slope on one side. Place another,
in the same orientation, behind the first.
Open group 4. There are two orange 1x1 bricks with a stud on one side stuck together. Leave these
together for now. The two which are loose are red.
19. Place a red 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the left studs of the two pieces from the previous step.
20.1. Place a red 1x1 brick with a stud on one side, with the side stud at the front, to the left of the
previous piece. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
20.2. Unstack the two orange 1x1 bricks with studs on one side. Place one to the left of the front piece
from the previous step, with the side stud at the front. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
Open group 5.
21. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the second column of open studs from the left.
22.1. Place an orange 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the front stud of the previous
piece so that it extends one stud to the left past the previous piece. Place another, in the same
orientation, behind the first.
22.2. Place a light orange 1x3 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, to the right of the front piece
from the previous step. Place another, in the same orientation, behind the first.
23. Place a light gray 2x2 plate with a single click hinge finger on top, with the click finger at the bottom,
on the square of four side studs on the front of the seahorse. There should be a horizontal row of two side
studs to the left of this piece.
24.1. Place a light blue 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the bottom, on the right stud of the
previous piece so it extends one stud above the previous piece.
Open group 6.
24.2. Place a purple 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the bottom, to the left of the previous piece.
25. Place a red 1x2 plate with a pin-hole, with the pin-hole at the bottom, on the side stud to the left of the
previous piece, so that its top is even with the top of the previous piece.
Open group 7.
26. Place a red 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the top stud of the previous piece so
it extends one stud to the left of the previous piece.
27.1. Now we’ll build a fin for the seahorse. Place a light teal 1x2 inverted slope tile in front of you, with
the cutout at the right.
27.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers on one short side, with the click fingers at the
back, on the back right stud of the previous piece so it extends one stud in front of the previous piece.
The studs of this assembly should form a Braille letter D.
27.3. Place a light orange 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the back right, on the back right stud of
the fin.
27.4. Find a blue 2x2 quarter circle tile with a quarter circle cut-out. This tile is cutout so it looks like a
macaroni noodle, I’ll call it a “2x2 macaroni tile” from now on. Place this on the two remaining studs on the
flipper, with the flat sides at the back and the right. This piece should fit perfectly next to the previous
piece.
27.5. Keeping the fin in the same orientation, attach the two click fingers on the back of the fin to the
single click finger on the front of the body. Keeping the anti-stud down, rotate the body 180 degrees so
the fin is now at the back.
Steps 28-32.5 are symmetrical to steps 23-27.5. If you are confident, you can simply repeat these steps
on the back side of the body and then skip to step 33.1! Otherwise you can keep following along.
Open group 8.
28. Place a light gray 2x2 plate with a single click hinge finger on top, with the click finger at the bottom,
on the square of four side studs on the seahorse. There should be a horizontal row of two side studs to
the right of this piece.
29.1. Place a light blue 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the bottom, on the left stud of the previous
piece so it extends one stud above the previous piece.
Open group 9.
29.2. Place a purple 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the bottom, to the right of the previous piece.
30. Place a red 1x2 plate with a pin-hole, with the pin-hole at the bottom, on the side stud to the right of
the previous piece, so that its top is even with the top of the previous piece.
Open group 10.
31. Place a red 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, on the top stud of the previous piece so it
extends one stud to the right of the previous piece.
32.1. Now we’ll build the seahorse’s other fin. Place a light teal 1x2 inverted slope tile in front of you, with
the cutout at the left.
32.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers on one short side, with the click fingers at the
back, on the back left stud of the previous piece so it extends one stud in front of the previous piece. The
studs of this assembly should form a Braille letter F.
32.3. Place a light orange 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the back left, on the back left stud of
the fin.
32.4. Place a blue 2x2 macaroni tile on the two remaining studs on the flipper, with the flat sides at the
back and the left. This piece should fit perfectly next to the previous piece.
32.5. Keeping the fin in the same orientation, attach the two click fingers on the back of the fin to the
single click finger on the front of the body.
Open group 11.
33.1. Now we’ll build the seahorse’s tail, which also doubles as the stand to connect it to the base. Set
the body aside for now. Place a light teal 1x2 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
33.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers on one short side, with the click fingers at the
left, on the previous piece.
34.1. Place a white 1x1 plate with a vertical clip on one end, with the clip at the right, on the right stud of
the previous piece.
34.2. Place a white 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the previous piece so it extends
one stud to the left of the previous piece. It should attach to the other stud on the tail.
35.1. Place a white 1x1 plate with a short bar on two opposite sides, horizontally long, in front of you.
35.2. Place an orange 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the front left on the stud of the previous
piece.
35.3. Flip this piece over so the previous piece is at the bottom and attach the left bar onto the clip on the
right side of the tail.
36.1. Place a white 1x1 plate with a vertical clip on one side, with the clip at the left, in front of you.
36.2. Place an orange 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the front left, on the stud of the previous
piece.
36.3. Keeping the clip at the left, flip this piece over so the previous piece is at the bottom and attach the
clip onto the bar on the right side of the tail.
37. Place the body of the seahorse back in front of you. There should be a click finger at the left and right
ends, and the flat side of the fins should be on the left. Attach the two click fingers at the left of the tail to
the single click finger on the right side of the body. Hinge the tail so it points straight up, perpendicular to
the bottom of the body.
Open group 12.
38.1. Now we’ll build the head. Set the body aside for now. Place a teal 2x2 plate in front of you.
38.2. Place a light teal 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers on one long side, with the click fingers at the
back, on the back row of the previous piece.
39. Place a white 1x2 brick, horizontally long, on the previous piece.
40. Place a white 1x1 brick with a stud on one side, with the side stud at the right, in front of the right stud
of the previous piece. Place another symmetrically to the left of the first.
41.1. Place a white 1x2 plate with four studs hanging down from one side, with the side studs at the front,
on the two pieces from the previous step.
41.2. Place an orange 2x2 tile with a single stud on the side studs of the previous piece. This is the top of
the seahorse’s head.
42.1. Place an orange 1x2 concave slope, with the slope on the front, on the right column on top of the
head. Place another, in the same orientation, to the left of the first.
42.2. Place an orange 1x2 plate, horizontally long, on the two pieces from the previous step. This piece is
the seahorse’s nose.
43. Place a white 2x2 circular tile with an eye pattern on the right side stud of the head. Attach the center
anti-stud on the circular tile to the side stud.
44. Repeat step 43 symmetrically on the left side of the head. Rotate the head 180 degrees so the 2x2
tile with a single stud is at the back and the two click fingers are at the front.
Open group 13.
45.1. Place a light teal 1x2 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
45.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with a 1x2x1 inverted curved slope on one side, with the slope at the back,
on the previous piece so it overhangs the previous stud one stud to the back.
45.3. Place a light teal 1x2 on the front row of the previous piece. Place the rest of the head on this
assembly.
46. Place the body of the seahorse in front of you, with the tail at the left. Rotate the head so the click
fingers are at the left. Attach the two click fingers on the head to the single click finger on the right side of
the body. The 1x2 plate nose of the seahorse should be pointed up.
47.1. Now we’ll attach the seahorse to the base. Place the base in front of you so that the row of two
studs on the half cylinder on the base is vertical. Find the 1x2 plate on the tail. This should be at the far
left of the seahorse and should be pointing straight up. Attach the seahorse to the base by connecting this
1x2 to the studs on the half cylinder. The nose of the seahorse should be at the front.
47.2. Now click the nose of the seahorse down one click. Curl the tail of the seahorse up, and click the
fins of the seahorse two clicks to the back.
48.1. Now we’ll give the seahorse its horn! Place a gold 1x1 cone on the stud on the seahorse’s head.
48.2. Push a gold unicorn horn down through the hollow stud of the previous piece, with the point at the
top.
Congratulations! Now the Seahorse is complete! The last set of instructions is for the Peacock.
Peacock Build (11 groups of bricks)
Main build:
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-4.
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 5-7. To help the builder differentiate colors, stack two light blue 1x2
plates together.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 8-9. Stack the orange 1x2 plate onto the light teal 1x2 plate.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 10-15.
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 16-19.
Group 6 contains the pieces for steps 20-24.
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 25-31.
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 32-34.
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 35-37.
Group 10 contains two purple 1x2 curved slope tiles from step 38.
Group 11 contains the pieces for steps 38-41.
Building Instructions:
Open group 1.
1.1. We’ll start by building the peacock’s body. Place a white 4x6 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
1.2. Place a teal 2x2 plate, centered vertically and horizontally on the previous piece.
2. Place a white 1x2 plate with a single upright click finger on one end, horizontally long with the click
finger at the right, to the right of the front row of the previous piece. Place another, in the same
orientation, behind the first.
3. Place a white 1x2 half circle tile, with the flat side at the back, in front of the front piece from the
previous step. Place another symmetrically behind the back piece from the previous step.
4.1. Find a white 5x2x2 step brick. This looks like two 2x3 plates connected by a 1x2x2 tall brick. Place
the lower plate of this piece to the left of the 2x2 plate, with the tall part at the left. This will be the
peacock’s neck.
4.2. Place a light teal 1x2 plate on the anti-stud of the previous piece to the left of the 4x6 plate. “Antistud” is a term for the portion of a LEGO piece which accepts studs, like the bottom of a plate.
Open group 2. There are two light blue 1x2 plates stacked together. Leave these together until step 5.2.
There is another loose 1x2 plate. This one is orange.
5.1. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the left column of the low plate on the 5x2x2 step brick.
5.2. Place a light blue 1x2 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the front stud of the previous piece. Place
another, in the same orientation, behind the first.
6. Place a white 1x1 plate with a 1x1 slope tile on one end, with the slope at the right, to the right of the
front piece from the previous step. Place another, in the same orientation, behind the first.
7. Place a white 1x4 plate with a 1x4x1 curved slope on one side, with the slope at the front, on the left
stud of the front piece from the previous step so that it extends left to the tall brick of the 5x2x2 step brick.
Place another symmetrically behind the first.
Open group 3. There are two 1x2 plates stuck together. The top one is light teal and the bottom one is
orange.
8.1. Take the light teal 1x2 plate off of the stack and place it, vertically long, on the right studs of the two
pieces from the previous step.
8.2. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the leftmost column on the two 1x4 plates with a 1x4x1
curved slope on one side.
9. Place a white 1x3 curved slope tile, with the cutout on the left, on the front stud of the previous piece. It
should extend two studs to the right of the previous piece. Place another, in the same orientation, behind
the first.
Open group 4.
10. Now we’ll build the head. Set the body aside for now. Place a white 2x4 double inverted slope,
vertically long in front of you.
11. Place an orange 1x3 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the left stud on the second row
from the front on the previous piece. It should overhang two studs to the left of the previous piece. Place
another, in the same orientation, behind the first. These will be the bill of the peacock.
12.1. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the right of the previous piece.
12.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with a 1x2x1 inverted curved slope on one side, with the slope at the right,
on the previous piece so it overhangs one stud to the right.
13. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, vertically long, on the second and third rows from the right on the head.
14. Place a white 2x3 brick, vertically long and centered vertically, on the head even with the right end of
the head.
15.1. Place a red 1x1 brick with a stud on one side, with the side stud at the right, in front of the middle
column of the previous piece. Place another, in the same orientation, on the back side of the head.
15.2. Place a pink 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the top, on the side stud of each of the pieces from
the previous step.
Open group 5.
16. Place an orange 1x1 brick with a stud on one side, on the front left stud on the head. Place another, in
the same orientation, on the back left stud on the head.
17.1. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, vertically long, on the left two columns on the head.
17.2. Place a light teal 1x2 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, to the right of the previous piece.
18.1. Place a white 2x2 half cylinder brick with two studs on top, with the studs in a horizontal row, on the
previous piece, even with the right side of the head.
18.2. Place a light teal 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece.
19. Place a white 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout on the back, on the front stud of the previous piece
so it extends one stud in front of the previous piece. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
Open group 6.
20. Place a light blue 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout on the left, on the rightmost stud of the 2x2
half cylinder on the head so it overhangs one stud to the right of the head.
21.1. Place a teal 1x1 plate with a 1x1x1 curved slope on one side, with the slope at the left, to the left of
the previous piece, attaching it with the slope side so the 1x1 plate side hangs over the previous piece.
21.2. Place a light blue 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout on the left, on the stud of the previous piece
so it overhangs one stud to the right.
22. Place a white 2x2 circular tile with an eye pattern on each of the side studs on the left side of the
head. Attach the center anti-stud of the circular tiles to the side studs.
23. Now the head is complete! Let’s put it on the body. Set the body in front of you with the neck at the
left. Place the head, with the beak at the left, on the plate on the neck so that the left side of the beak
overhangs one stud to the left. Now rotate the peacock so the studs are down and the head is at the left.
24. Place a white 4x4 inverted wedge, with the narrow end at the left, on the anti-stud on the body, with
the left end even with the left end of the body.
Open group 7.
25.1. Now we’ll build the bottom of the body and the feet. Set the body aside for now. Place a white 1x4
plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
25.2. Place an orange 1x2 concave slope, with the slope at the left, on the left two studs of the previous
piece. This is one of the peacock’s feet.
26. Place a light orange 1x4 arch brick, vertically long, to the right of the previous piece so it extends
three studs to the front. Place another, in the same orientation, to the right of the previous piece.
27.1. Place a white 1x4 plate, horizontally long, on the front anti-stud of the pieces from the previous step,
extending two studs to the left.
27.2. Place an orange 1x2 concave slope, with the slope on the left, on the left two studs of the previous
piece. This is the peacock’s other foot.
28.1. Place a white 1x4 plate, vertically long, on the rightmost column.
28.2. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, vertically long, to the left of the previous piece.
29.1. Place a white 1x4 brick, vertically long, on the right column of the previous piece.
29.2. Place a white 1x2 brick, vertically long and centered vertically, to the right of the previous piece.
30.1. Place a white 1x1 brick with a stud on one side, with the side stud at the right, in front of the piece
from the previous step. Place another, in the same orientation, behind the piece from the previous step.
30.2. Place a white 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the top, on the side stud of each of the pieces
from the previous step.
31. Now we’ll attach the legs to the body. Attach the body, with the head at the left and on top, onto the
legs so the right side of the body is even with the right side of the legs.
Open group 8.
32. Now we’ll build the tail. Set the rest of the peacock aside for now. Place a white 4x8 half circle plate,
with the flat side at the front, in front of you. Place another symmetrically in front of the first so they make
a circle. These pieces aren’t connected yet.
33. Connect them by placing a light blue 2x2 tile with a single stud, centered vertically, on the left two
columns of the pieces from the previous step.
34.1. Find a light blue 2x2 quarter circle tile with a quarter circle cut-out. This tile is cutout so it looks like a
macaroni noodle, I’ll call it a “2x2 macaroni tile” from now on. Place this so the left flat side of the
macaroni tile is to the right of the front right side of the previous piece, and the other flat side of the
macaroni tile is to the front. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
34.2. Place a light blue 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the back right, in front of the right stud of
the front piece from the previous step. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the tail.
34.3. Place a blue 1x1 plate to the right of each of the pieces from the previous step.
Open group 9.
35.1. Place a light orange 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the back left, in front of the front piece
from the previous step. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the tail.
35.2. Place a light orange 2x2 macaroni tile, with the flat sides at the right and the back, to the left of the
front piece from the previous step. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the tail.
35.3. Place a light orange 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the front left, behind the left flat side of
the front macaroni tile from the previous step. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the tail.
36. Place an orange 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, on each of the blue 1x1 plates from
step 34.3. These should extend one stud to the right of the 1x1 plates.
37.1. Place a red 1x2 plate with a pin-hole, with the pin-hole at the left, behind the front piece from the
previous step. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the tail.
37.2. Place a teal 2x2 plate between the right studs of the previous pieces.
Open group 10.
38.1. Place a purple 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the front left stud of the previous
piece so it extends one stud to the right of the previous piece. Place another, in the same orientation,
behind the first.
Open group 11.
38.2. Place a red 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout on the left, on the right stud of the front 1x2 plate
with a pin-hole. Place another, in the same orientation, on the back side of the tail.
39.1. Place a teal 1x3 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the left, behind the right stud of the previous
piece. It should overhang the tail by one stud. Place another, in the same orientation, behind the first.
39.2. Place a white 1x1 tile with one rounded end, with the rounded end at the left, on the stud on the 2x2
tile with a single stud on the left side of the tail.
40.1. Now we’ll make the bottom of the tail, which will attach to the body. Set the rest of the tail aside for
now. Place a teal 2x6 plate, horizontally long in front of you.
40.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with two click hinge fingers on one short side, with the click fingers at the
left, on the front studs on the left two columns on the previous piece. Place another, in the same
orientation, behind the first.
40.3. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long, to the right of the pieces from the previous step.
40.4. Place a light teal 2x4 plate, horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece.
40.5. Place the rest of the tail on the assembly, centered vertically, with the overhanging curved slope
tiles at the right.
41. Now put the rest of the peacock in front of you, with the head at the left. Attach the click fingers on the
left side of the tail to the click fingers on the top right of the peacock. Hinge the tail up to the left so it is
straight up and down, then hinge it down to the right one click.
Congratulations! Now the Peacock is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
There is one page of ads after the instructions end.
This page has ads for seven Creator 3in1 sets. The first is set number 31137, Adorable Dogs. In the
picture, three dogs sit in a park. There is a yellow lab, a white poodle, and a brown, black and white
beagle. The dogs are all built from LEGO bricks, and are poseable! There is also a dog bowl, a chew toy,
a bone, and a ball!
The second ad is for set number 31139, the Cozy House. The picture shows a white house, with blue
trim, and a brown roofed sunroom. A family is busy enjoying the yard! A woman is checking the red
mailbox, which has letters overflowing from the door! A boy is playing with a remote controlled car, while a
dog watches from the driveway. A man watches the activities, with his coffee cup in hand. Little details
are everywhere! A snail climbs the roof. There is a small birdhouse attached to the house. A vine has
escaped from the sunroom and is climbing up the side of the house!
The third ad is for set number 31138, the Beach Camper Van. A white, and yellow van with a blue stripe
on top is parked at a beach! A striped blue and red surfboard leans against the van. There is a luggage
rack on top of the van, with a large inflatable duck, and another surfboard. A man and a woman relax on
reclining beach chairs, eating ice cream and listening to a boombox! Two small huts on the sand are
shaded by a palm tree.
The fourth ad is for set number 31136, the Exotic Parrot. The image shows a blue and yellow parrot,
perched on a branch in the jungle! Pink, purple and white flowers bloom from the branch under the parrot.
The fifth ad is for set number 31135, the Vintage Motorcycle. The image shows a motorcycle with a light
blue fuel tank and headlight parked on a road in the desert. The frame of the motorcycle is gray and
black, and the seat is brown, like old leather.
The sixth ad is for set number 31134, the Space Shuttle. The image shows the earth from space! Stars
are in the background. In the foreground, a shuttle floats near a satellite. The shuttle’s underside is black,
while the upper surfaces are white. It has a rounded nose, a large payload bay, a triangular wing, and a
vertical tail. Rocket engines can be seen peeking around the back of the shuttle. A red and blue flag is on
each wing. The satellite is gold, with a silver thruster bank, and transparent blue solar panels.
The seventh ad is for set number 31140, the Magical Unicorn! The image shows a rainbow floating
through a starry purple and pink sky. Pink clouds float by. A white unicorn, with a flowing orange and red
mane rears majestically on a circular, rainbow colored base. The unicorn has a golden horn and a tail in
various shades of blue. Its front and rear legs are articulated so it can be posed easily!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!