75363 The Mandalorian N-1 Starfighter™ Microfighter
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
Introduce youngsters to LEGO® Star Wars™ sets with The Mandalorian’s N-1 Starfighter Microfighter
(75363). This quick-build, microscale, LEGO brick model of the N-1 Starfighter features an open cockpit
for The Mandalorian LEGO minifigure and space for the Grogu LEGO figure, plus 2 stud shooters. The
Mandalorian comes with a blaster pistol and jetpack accessory element to inspire action play. A cool
anytime gift for kids aged 6 and up, this building toy combines well with other LEGO Star Wars
Microfighter sets for extra play possibilities. LEGO Builder Give your youngster an easy and intuitive
building adventure with the LEGO Builder app. Here they can zoom in and rotate a 3D digital version of
the construction model as they build, track their progress and more. Galaxy of creativity The LEGO Group
has been recreating starships, vehicles, locations and characters from the Star Wars universe since
1999. Explore the popular range to discover other building toys to wow fans of all ages.
Quick-build LEGO® Star Wars™ Microfighter (75363)
Spark children’s creativity with a buildable microscale model of The Mandalorian’s N-1 Starfighter first
seen in Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett
Includes 2 popular Star Wars™ characters:
- A LEGO® minifigure of The Mandalorian with a blaster pistol and jetpack accessory element, plus a
LEGO figure of Grogu
Build and play
- The N-1 Starfighter buildable toy features an open cockpit for The Mandalorian, space for Grogu behind
the cockpit and 2 stud shooters for action play
Microfighter combos
- This buildable toy playset combines with other LEGO® Star Wars™ Microfighter sets (sold separately)
to open up even more fun play possibilities
Gift idea for ages 6 and up
- Give this 88-piece LEGO® Star Wars™ building toy to kids as an unexpected treat, birthday gift or
holiday present
Portable play
- This Microfighter measures over 1 in. (3 cm) high, 5 in. (13 cm) long and 3 in. (8 cm) wide. Slip it into a
child’s backpack ready for play on the go
A new way to build:
- Want to give your young builder a more awesome building experience? Now you can with the LEGO®
Builder app, featuring intuitive zoom and rotate modes
LEGO® Star Wars™ building toys for all ages:
- LEGO Star Wars sets let creative kids and adult fans recreate Star Wars scenes, make up their own
stories or simply display the buildable models
The box is black. On the front is an image of the Mandalorian piloting his starfighter above a desert planet
with Grogu in the back. The starfighter is gray and has two large engines, one on each wing. It has a long
narrow tail. Much of the paneling has been removed, exposing things like the engines. A green stud is
being shot from the nose of the starfighter, to represent blaster fire. It is a microfighter, which means it is
about half of minifigure scale.
The top of the box shows a life sized image of the Grogu minifigure.
The back of the box shows the rear of the microfighter without the minifigures in it. Instead they stand
next to it, the Mandolorian holding a blaster pistol and Grogu standing next to him. There is a small inset
showing the stud shooters.
The build is 88 pieces, and 37 building steps.
Welcome to text-based instructions from Bricks for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up horizontally (left to right/side to side).
- Column: studs lined up upright or vertically (top to bottom/back to front).
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/75363) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with two unlabeled bags, and an instruction booklet. Sort the pieces into groups as
described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be
split across two groups to make telling the difference easier for the builder! LEGO includes a few spare
parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group away from the rest, in case you need
them later.
Bag 1 (6 groups of bricks)
Minifigure group 1 contains the pieces to build the Mandalorian and Grogu minifigures.
Main build:
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-5.
Group 2 contains the pieces for step 6.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 7-12.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 13-14. To help the builder differentiate colors, stack the transparent
blue 1x1 circular plate onto the 1x2 jumper plate.
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 15-23.
Group 6 contains the pieces for steps 24-30.
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 31-37.
Building Instructions:
Open bag 1.
Open minifigure group.
Assemble the Mandalorian minifigure by placing the torso on the legs, then place the jetpack down over
the neck stud and place the head on top. Lastly, place the helmet on the head.
Assemble the Grogu minifigure by placing the head onto the miniature body.
Main Build:
Open group 1.
1. Place a light gray 3x6 plate with two angled corners, vertically long with the angled side at the right, in
front of you.
2. Place a dark gray 1x1 circular plate on the front stud on the leftmost column. Place another on the back
stud in the same column
3. Place a light gray 2x4 plate, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the ship so it overhangs
one column to the right.
4. Keeping the angled side on the right, flip the ship over so the studs are down. Place a light gray 2x2
inverted curved slope tile, centered vertically with the cutout at the left, on the right two columns of antistud. “Anti-stud” is a term for the portion of a LEGO piece which accepts studs, like the bottom of a plate.
5. Place a dark gray 2x6 plate with two rounded corners, with the flat side at the front, to the left of the
previous piece so it extends one row behind the previous piece. Place another symmetrically in front of
the first.
Open group 2.
6.1. Flip the ship back over to its original orientation. Now we’ll assemble the two stud shooters. Start by
placing a light gray stud shooter base, with the stud on the left, in front of you. Find the small slot on the
top. Slide one of the small trigger pieces, with the semi-circular side at the bottom and the wide side at
the left, into the slot and push down until it clicks into place. Make two of these. You can push a 1x1
circular tile into the end opposite the stud, and push the little trigger down to launch it out, never to be
found again!
6.2. Place one stud shooter, with the stud on the left, in front of the 2x4 plate on the right side of the ship.
Place another, in the same orientation, behind the 2x4 plate. The left side of the stud shooter should be
even with the left side of the 3x6 plate with two angled corners from step one.
Open group 3.
7.1. Place a dark gray 1x4 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the left column of the previous
pieces.
7.2. Place an orange 1x2 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, to the right of the previous piece.
8. Place a black 2x2 plate, centered vertically, on the previous two pieces.
9. Place a light gray 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the left, on the 1x1 circular plate on the front row.
Place another on the back row.
10.1. Place a dark gray 2x6 plate with a 1x2 brick with an axle hole on each short side, vertically long and
centered vertically, to the left of the pieces from the previous step. The engines will mount to the axle
holes on this piece.
10.2. Place a light gray 1x4 tile with a stud on each end, vertically long and centered vertically to the left
of the previous piece.
11. Place a black 1x2 brick with an axle hole, horizontally long, behind the front axle brick on the 2x6
plate with two axle bricks from step 10.1. Place another on the back side.
12. Keeping the stud shooters on the right, flip the ship over so the studs are on the bottom. Place a light
gray 2x2 inverted curved slope tile, with the cut out at the back, on the front two anti-studs on the third
and fourth anti-stud columns from the left. Place another symmetrically on the back.
Open group 4. There is a 1x1 circular plate attached to a 1x2 jumper plate. This one is transparent blue,
and the loose one is dark gray.
13.1. Now we’ll start the lower fuselage. Set the rest of the ship aside for now. Place a light gray 2x4
plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
13.2. Place a dark gray 2x6 plate, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the previous piece.
13.3. Place a black 1x2 plate with two studs hanging down on one long side, with the side studs at the
left, on the leftmost column of the previous piece.
13.4. Place a light gray 1x2 jumper plate on the side studs of the previous piece. A jumper plate is a 1x2
plate with a single stud on top, or a 1x3 plate with only two studs on top.
13.5. Place a light gray 1x1 circular tile with a bar sticking up onto the previous piece.
13.6. Place a dark gray 1x1 circular plate on the previous piece by pushing the hollow stud over the bar
from the left, with the stud at the right.
13.7. Repeat the previous step with a transparent blue 1x1 circular plate.
13.8. Now place the rest of the ship in front of you, with the stud shooters at the right and the studs facing
down. Place the lower fuselage, with the circular plates at the left and the studs down, centered vertically
on the bottom of the ship so it overhangs to the left by one column.
14. Now flip the ship over so the stud shooters are at the right and the studs are up. Find the two left
columns of studs. These columns should only be two studs wide. Place a light gray 1x4 left wedge, with
the thick end at the right and the long flat side at the back, on the front two studs on these columns. Place
a light gray 1x4 right wedge symmetrically behind the previous piece.
Open group 5.
15. Place a dark gray 2x2 corner plate, oriented like a braille letter H, on the right stud of the front piece
from the previous step so it extends one stud to the right. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
16. Place a light orange 1x1 circular plate on the right stud of the front piece from the previous step. Place
another symmetrically on the back side.
17. Place a light gray 1x4 double curved slope tile, horizontally long, on the front piece from the previous
step so it extends three studs to the right. Place another on the back side.
18. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with two studs on one side, with the side studs at the front, on the front
studs on the second and third columns from the left. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
19. Place a dark gray 2x3 plate, horizontally long, on the two previous pieces so it extends one column to
the right.
20. Place a light orange 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the back, in front of the right column of the
previous piece. Place another symmetrically on the back side.
21. Place a light orange 1x1 circular plate on the side stud to the left of the front piece from the previous
step. Place another symmetrically on the back side.
22. Place a light gray 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cut out at the right, on the previous piece so it
extends one stud to the left. Place another symmetrically on the back side.
23.1. Place a light orange 1x2 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the second column from
the left.
23.2. Place a light gray 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long to the right of the previous piece. This is where
Grogu will sit on the microfighter.
23.3. Place a light gray 1x2 slope tile, with the thick side at the left, to the right of the previous piece.
Open group 6.
24. Place a light gray 1x2 brick with one stud on one long side, with the side stud at the left, on the
leftmost column
25. Place a light gray 1x2 slope tile, with the thick side at the back, on the front studs of the left two
columns. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
26. Place a dark gray 1x1 circular plate on the side stud on the left side of the ship.
27. Push a dark gray 6L bar with a stop ring, with the stop ring on the right, into the hollow stud of the
previous piece. Push it in until it can’t go any further.
28.1. Push a dark gray 1x1 circular plate, with the stud on the left, onto the previous piece. Push it on just
until the bar starts to pop through the hollow stud.
28.2. Place a light gray 1x1 cone on the previous piece.
29. Place a light gray 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the third column from
the right. Place another to the left of the first.
30.1. Place a clear 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the left, on the previous piece. This is the
windshield of the microfighter! The Mandalorian will sit just to the left of the windshield.
30.2. Place a light gray 2x2 rounded curved slope tile, with the thick side at the left, on the right two
columns.
Open group 7.
31.1. Now we’ll start building the ship’s engines! Set the main ship aside for now. Place a dark gray 2x2
ribbed circular brick in front of you.
31.2. Place a light gray 2x2 truncated cone on the previous piece.
32. Rotate the engine so the cone is at the left. Push a light gray 5L axle into the hollow bottom of the
ribbed circular brick, pushing it in from the right until it stops.
33. Place a light gray 8 tooth gear with a 1.5L axle on one side, with the axle at the front, onto the
previous piece. Push it on from the right and slide it all the way to the left. We’ll use the 1.5L axle to
mount the engine to the ship.
34.1. Push a dark gray 2x2 circular plate, with the studs at the right, onto the axle from the right. Push it
all the way to the left.
34.2. Place a light gray 2x2 tall cone, with the stud at the right, on the previous piece by pushing it over
the axle.
35.1. Place a transparent blue 1x1 circular plate on the right stud of the previous piece.
35.2. Place a dark gray spear tip with a bar on the previous piece by pushing the short bar into the hollow
stud of the previous piece. The pointy side of the spear should be on the right.
35.3. Repeat steps 31.1-35.2 to make the second engine.
36. Now place the microfighter in front of you, with the stud shooters at the left. Attach the front engine,
with the spear at the right, by pushing the axle on the side of the engine through the axle hole on the front
side of the ship. Repeat this symmetrically on the back side.
37. Now, you can load a transparent green 1x1 circular plate into each of the side shooters. When they
are loaded, the trigger piece is forced up. To launch them, push the trigger down and the plate will be
launched!
Congratulations! Now the The Mandalorian N-1 Starfighter Microfighter is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
There are two pages of ads after the instructions end.
The first page shows ads for five Star Wars sets. The top left is set number 75346, the Pirate Snub
Fighter. Going around the page clockwise, the next set is 75348, the Mandalorian Fang Fighter vs. TIE
InterceptorTM. The next is set number 75361, the Spider Tank. The fourth is set number 75344, Boba
Fett’s StarshipTM Microfighter. The final set on the first page is this set, set number 75363, which is the
Mandalorian N-1 Starfighter Microfighter.
The second page has three Star Wars mechs. The first is set number 75368, the Darth VaderTM Mech.
The next is 75369, the Boba FettTM Mech. The last is set number 75370, the StormtrooperTM Mech. Each
of these includes the minifigure, riding in a mech themed for that character.
Visit bricksfortheblind.org for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!