75578 Metkayina Reef Home
Set adapted by Lev Smolsky and tested by Matthew Shifrin

The LEGO Avatar Metkayina home sits on top of 2 pillars and a cliff, with ladders to the beautiful coral
reefs of Pandora and swimming fish below.
This advanced LEGO® set features the Metkayina Reef Home, with a flexible roof and underwater
decorations. Inspired by Avatar: The Way of Water
The set includes 4 Avatar minifigures Neytiri, Kiri, Ronal and Tonowari, three of which are taller than
normal minifigures, proportional to their size in the movies, with unique hair and tails. The minifigures plus
a toy canoe with oar, torch, double-pronged spear and kitchen utensils. The first minifigure has light blue
legs, tail, torso, and head, with a bumpy black hair piece. The prints on his torso show it wearing some
blue tusks tied to a rope wrapping around its chest. The second minifigure is turquoise, with a brown sack
printed onto the torso. The legs also show a brown leather piece of clothing printed on. The third
minifigure is also turquoise, with some rocks hanging from its neck printed onto the torso. It is also shown
wearing an orange piece of clothing on the legs. The fourth minifigure is more blue, and is shown wearing
a similar piece of clothing on its legs as the previous one. It is also wearing some orange tusks around its
neck.
This set has 528 pieces and 182 steps
The box measures over 12" (30 cm) high, 22" (57 cm) wide and 1.5" (4 cm) deep. It has artwork of the
reef home, as well as some of the other assemblies that go with it we will be building, and the scale
drawings of the minifigures.
Combine this set with others from the LEGO Avatar range to expand the play possibilities and build your
own version of Pandora (sold separately)
The reef home is a structure situated in the water, built by the Na’Vi. In this set, the structure stands on
two pillars which go all the way down to the bottom of the ocean. The set includes underwater
components, such as diverse coral and fish, all assemblies we will be building. A portion of the structure
also extends out further into the water. A turquoise canoe with a Na’Vi rider orbits the home. Several
other minifigures are also situated on the structure, cooking with the fire in the middle of the home and the
ingredients caught from the water.
The front of the box is blue, showing the full Reef Home, and several minifigures living on it, with the blue
ocean in the background. You can see the additional coral attachment next to the reef home, as an extra
detail. The front of the box also shows the underwater portion of the set, and how all of the creatures
living under the reef home come to life. The bottom corner of the box introduces us to the four minifigures
of the set, which are Ronal, Tonowari, Neytiri, and Kiri. On the top of the box it gives us a bigger glance
into the bodies of the four minifigures, as well as a scale drawing to show their true size.
The back of the box shows the entire set from a different angle, showing the minifigures doing different
tasks at the home, such as cooking and fishing. The background is colored in a traditional avatar blue
color, with animal patterns. The top corner of the back of the box shows three zoomed in features of the
home, offering a variety of views of the minifigures with their cooking equipment, a minifigure in the
canoe, and a part of the underwater portion of the set. The sides of the boxes give us more similar angles
of the set.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you. - Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor. 
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/product/metkayina-reef-home-75578) As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
Box Contents
The box contains a booklet with visual building instructions and unnumbered bags.
Bag 1: The first two minifigures, a small boat, and a little underwater coral assembly for the second
minifigure to stand on
Bag 2-4: The second two minifigures as well as the rest of the reef home
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
a friend or family member do this in advance to following the instructions below. You will see that the
pieces should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating
the pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this
set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into
one or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used
in steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
Groups
Bag 1
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-8
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 1-12 of the next section
Bag 2
Group 3 (main assembly) contains the pieces for steps 1-33
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 34-45
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 46-56
Group 6 (main assembly continued) contains the pieces for steps 57-59
Bag 3
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 60-82
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 83-91
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 92-100
Group 10 contains the pieces for steps 101-106
Group 11 contains the pieces for steps 107-114
Bag 4
Group 12 contains the pieces for the second two minifigures
Group 13 contains the pieces for steps 115-122
Group 14 contains the pieces for steps 123-130
Group 15 contains the pieces for steps 131-155
Group 16 contains the pieces for steps 156-166
Group 17 contains the pieces for steps 167-176
Group 18 contains the pieces for steps 177-182
Building instructions
Bag 1, we will be building two minifigures, a boat, and a coral base.
1. Assemble the first minifigure by connecting the legs, tail, torso, head, and hair. This minifigure has
shorter legs, unlike the others, and a slightly darker blue tail, torso, legs, and head, as well as slightly
shorter hair.
2. Then connect the tan bar piece with the small flat black oar piece in order to make the oar. The flat oar
end piece should connect to the side of the bar with the stop ring, which is the side with the little round
bump going around the bar. Then give the oar to the minifigure.
3. Assembly the second minifigure by connecting the legs, tail, torso, head, and hair. This minifigure has
longer legs, and a slightly lighter turquoise tail, torso, legs, and head, as well as slightly longer hair.
4. Locate the three stud long brown bar piece and connect a dark brown lightsaber handle to both ends of
the bar. Then insert a translucent light turquoise flat blade piece into each of the two brown lightsaber
pieces.
1. Locate a sand green 2x4 plate and orient it horizontally. Place a 2x2 plate of the same color on the
middle four studs of the 2x4 plate.
2. Locate the four sand green 1x4 underside sloped pieces, and place them horizontally as follows. Place
the first one so that it slopes up and to the left, and so that its rightmost stud is placed onto the back left
stud of the 2x4. Place the second directly in front of the previous piece, the same way. Place the next two
across from the first two, so that the assembly is symmetrical. It should measure 10 studs across.
3. Place a light brown 2x6 plate horizontally onto the middle of the assembly so the top layer is flush.
4. Place two sand green 1x2 grilled tiles vertically, side by side, onto the middle four studs of the 2x6.
5. Locate the two brown 3x4 angled trapezoidal pieces. Place the first one horizontally, so that the
protrusions are horizontally at the front and at the back onto the rightmost four studs of the 2x6, so that
the little angled ends go in front and behind the rightmost 1x2 grilled tile. Place the second one similarly,
so that it is on the left side, across from the first, so that the assembly is symmetrical.

6. Locate the two green long and bendy pointy pieces that have two studs at one end, and a long bendy
tapering part at the other end. Place the first one onto the rightmost four studs of the entire assembly, so
that it points to the right. Two of those studs shouldn’t mount, and that's intended. Place the second one
similarly, so that it is on the left side, across from the first, so that the assembly is symmetrical. Then
locate four tan 1x1 plates with a vertical clip and place each one onto one of the four studs among the
previous two pieces. The two on the front row should have their clips pointing forward, and the two on the
back row should have their clips pointing backward. The assembly should still be symmetrical among
both the horizontal and vertical axis.
7. Locate four turquoise 1x2 sloped curved tiles, and place them all horizontally, each onto one of the four
previous pieces, sloping into the assembly and onto the two brown 3x4 plates. The assembly should still
be symmetrical among both the horizontal and vertical axis. 
8. Locate the four dark brown bendy spiky pieces. Clip each one into each of the four clips on the sides of
the assembly, they should point in the same direction as the long pointy pieces we installed earlier.
We will now begin building one of the coral reef sections.
1. Locate two navy blue 3x3 triangular plates and place them next to each other, creating a horizontal
isosceles right triangle pointing back, so that the short side of the triangle points to the back.
2. Locate a dark gray 4x4 circle plate and place it so that its back two rows are connected to the middle
studs in the front two rows of the two triangular pieces.
3. Locate two more of the same blue 3x3 triangular plates and place them next to each other, as done
before, but making the right triangle pointing forward. Then place them under the front two rows of the
brown 4x4 circle piece, connecting the five pieces, creating a symmetrical octagonal assembly held
together by a round gray 4x4 piece. To some, this assembly might seem like a square shape, with slightly
cut off corners, creating an octagon.
4. Place a yellow 1x1 flower plate onto the left stud of the front row of the assembly, the right front short
side of the octagon. Place a white 1x1 round plate onto the back stud of the left column of the assembly.
Place a large 1x1 magenta coral piece onto the front stud of the left column, pointing forward and to the
right.
5. Place a magenta 1x2 sloped curved tile onto the previous piece, the smaller kind of the two coral types,
sloping down and back onto the back stud of the right column of the assembly.
6. Place a gray 2x3 brick horizontally directly to the left of the previous piece, essentially placing it onto
the right six studs in the middle two rows of the gray circle plate.
7. Locate two turquoise 1x1 sloped tiles, and place one sloping down and to the left directly to the left of
the front row of the 2x3 brick, and one directly behind the left column, sloping down back.
8. Locate two yellow 1x1 flower plates and stack them on top of each other. Place this stack in directly
front of the middle column of the 2x3.
9. Locate the large pink 1x1 coral piece and place it onto the back right stud of the 2x3, so that most of it
hangs off to the back and to the right.
10. Place a magenta 1x2 sloped tile vertically onto the previous piece, so that it slopes down forward onto
the front right stud of the 2x3.
11. Place a gray 2x2 sloped brick directly to the left of the previous piece so that it slopes down forward.
12. Place a dark gray 1x2 rounded plate horizontally onto the two studs of the previous piece. Insert a
transparent 1x1 plate into the hole in the left stud of the previous piece. Insert this plate into the hollow
stud of the previous piece using its bar end, if done correctly, its hollow stud should point towards you at
an angle
Bag 2, we will assemble the rest of the set. Also open the bag with the base plates.
1. Locate a navy blue 4x6 plate and orient it horizontally. Then place a dark gray 2x4 plate horizontally
onto the 4x6 back right four studs, so that the right four studs of the 2x4 are overhanging to the right.
2. Locate a large navy blue 10x10 octagon piece and place it to the right of the previous piece so that its
left column is directly next to the 4x6’s right column. 
3. Locate a yellow 1x1 round flower plate and place it directly in front of the 2x4’s left column. Place a
dark gray 3x3 triangle piece directly in front of the right three columns of the 2x4, so that its hypotenuse is
pointing forward and to the left. This piece will form a 1.5-stud cut-out to the right of it.
4. Locate a turquoise 1x2 sloped curved tile and place it vertically onto the 2x4’s back right stud sloping
down back onto the 10x10 octagon piece. Place a yellow 1x1 round flower plate directly to the left of the
previous piece’s front side. Locate a light gray 2x2 corner plate and place it directly to the left of the
previous piece, so that the corner stud of the corner piece goes onto the second stud from the left in the
back row of the 2x4 (like a braille letter D). Locate a turquoise 1x2 sloped tile and place it horizontally so it
slopes from the inside of the corner piece down to the left to the 4x6 plate.
5. Locate a dark gray 2x2x1 corner sloped brick. Place it onto the four left studs in the back two rows of
the 10x10, sloping down to the back and left. There should still be a stud to the left of this piece exposed,
and there will be half a stud exposed behind the piece's back-left side. Place a normal light gray 2x2
sloped brick directly to the right of the previous piece, sloping down to the right. Place a turquoise 1x1
sloped tile directly to the right of the previous piece’s front row, sloping down back.
6. Locate another dark gray 2x2x1 corner sloped brick. Place it onto the four front studs in the right two
columns of the 10x10, sloping down to the back and left. There should still be a stud to the front of this
piece exposed. The dark gray 2x2x1 sloped piece should slope, front, front-right, and right, with half a
stud exposed in front of its front right corner, and there should be an exposed stud in front of this piece.
Place a normal light gray 2x2 sloped brick directly to the behind previous piece, sloping down to the back.
Place a yellow 1x1 flower plate directly in front of the previous piece’s left column.
7. Place a dark gray rounded 1x2 plate onto each of the light gray 2x2 sloped bricks. Insert a glass 1x1
plate into the back stud of the rounded 2x1 plate that's on the back vertically-placed 2x2 sloped brick.
8. Locate two of the tall brown vertical pieces and place them one behind the other so that they make a
cylinder. Place this cylinder in the middle of the octagon plate.
9. Locate a dark brown 1x2 rounded plate vertically two studs to the left and one stud in front of the last
yellow 1x1 flower plate placed. It should be placed on the first and second rows from the front, fourth
column from the left. It should be right in front of the cylinder. Place a transparent 1x1 plate with a vertical
clip onto the front stud of the previous piece, with the clip pointing forward. Then place a turquoise 1x2
sloped tile vertically onto the previous piece, sloping down back onto the back stud of the 1x2 plate.
10. Place a dark gray 2x2x2 sloped brick horizontally directly to the left of the previous piece, sloping
down forward. Place a transparent 1x1 plate with a vertical clip onto the left stud of the previous piece,
with the clip pointing forward. Then place a turquoise 1x2 sloped curved tile horizontally onto the previous
piece, sloping down to the right, onto the right stud of the brick.
11. Place a dark gray 2x2 corner brick directly to the left of the last brick, so that it is completely on the
octagon plate, none of it hanging. Place a transparent 1x1 plate with a vertical clip onto the front stud of
the previous piece, with the clip pointing forward. Then place a turquoise 1x2 curved tile vertically onto
the previous piece, sloping down back onto the back right stud of the brick.
12. Place a medium sized magenta 1x1 coral plate onto the only stud of the last corner sloped 2x2 brick
we placed (in step 6). It should point forward to the right and to the left.
13. Place a light gray 2x2 corner plate onto the previous piece and the horizontal plate behind it. It will
look like a braille letter F.
14. Place a large pink 1x1 coral piece onto the corner stud of the previous piece, with the plate pointing
back and to the right. 
15. Place a magenta 1x2 sloped curved tile vertically onto the previous piece, sloping down forward, onto
the front stud of the gray corner plate.
16. Locate three of the light green fish and connect them to the assembly by clipping them into the three
clips we installed earlier.
17. Locate a dark gray 2x2 corner brick and place it directly to the left of the middle of the cylinder. The
corner should be in the top right. Place a 1x2 plate with a bar sticking up vertically directly to the front of
the previous piece’s right column, with the bar going up from the left side.
18. Locate two more of the same 1x2 plate with a bar sticking up. Place the first one horizontally onto the
back row of the corner brick with the bar going up from the front side. Place the other 1x2 plate onto the
back row of the light gray corner plate to the left of the previous piece, the bar should be going up from
the front side. Then place a turquoise 1x1 sloped tile directly in front of the corner plate’s right column,
sloping down forward.
19. Locate the three orange hemisphere pieces, place each one onto one of the three bars sticking up.
The flat side of the hemisphere should be at the top. Place a translucent purple 1x1 cone brick inside
each hemisphere onto the remaining bit of bar. Then locate the three purple wavy short pieces and insert
each one into the hole one of the three purple cones.
20. Place a dark gray 2x4 plate horizontally so that its right four studs are connected to the top left four
studs of the 4x6 plate, and so that its left four studs are overhanging to the left. Locate another large navy
blue 10x10 octagon piece and place it to the left of the 4x6 piece so that its left column is completely
adjacent to the 4x6’s right column, held together by the previous piece.
21. Place a dark gray 3x3 triangular piece directly in front of the last 2x4’s left three columns. The right
angle should be in the back left corner. Place a yellow 1x1 flower plate directly to the left of the previous
piece’s front stud.
22. Locate two turquoise 1x2 sloped curved tiles. Place the first one vertically so that it slopes down back
from the top left corner of the 2x4 onto the octagon piece. Then place a turquoise 1x1 sloped tile directly
to the right of the previous piece’s front end, sloping down back. Then place a dark gray 1x2 rounded
plate horizontally onto the front right corner of the 2x4. Then place the other 1x2 sloped tile horizontally
directly in front of the previous piece, so that it slopes down to the right from the 3x3 plate onto the 4x6
plate.
23. Place a dark gray 2x2x2 sloped brick vertically, directly to the right of the previous piece, onto the
front left two studs of the 2x4 and onto the back left two studs of the 3x3, sloping down to the left. Then
stack two yellow 1x1 flower plates and place them directly in front of the 2x2x2’s left column.
24. Place a light gray 2x2 sloped brick vertically, onto the four right studs in the back two rows of the
10x10, sloping down to right. There should still be a stud to the right of this piece exposed. Then place a
light gray 1x2 sloped brick vertically directly to the left of this piece, sloping down back. Then place a
turquoise 1x1 sloped tile and place it directly to the left of the previous piece’s front stud, sloping down to
the left.
25. Locate a dark gray 2x2 corner brick and place it onto the two light gray sloped bricks, like the braille
letter J. Then place a yellow 1x1 flower plate onto the back stud of the corner brick.
26. Place a yellow 1x1 flower plate onto the back stud of the leftmost column of the 10x10. Place a light
gray 2x2 sloped brick horizontally directly in front of the previous piece, sloping down back. Place a dark
gray 2x2 sloped corner brick directly in front of the previous piece, sloping down and to the front left. Then
place a dark gray 1x2 rounded plate vertically onto the previous piece’s stud and the stud behind the
previous piece’s stud. 
27. Locate two more of the tall brown vertical pieces and place them one behind the other so that they
make a cylinder. Place this cylinder in the middle of the octagon plate.
28. Place a dark gray 2x2 half tile half plate piece directly in front of the two previous pieces, so that the
studs are in the back row. Then place a turquoise 1x1 sloped tile directly to the right of the previous
piece’s back row, sloping down to the right.
29. Place a dark gray 1x2 brick with a technic pin hole horizontally onto the two studs of the 2x2 half plate
half tile. Then insert a blue two stud long technic pin into the pinhole of the previous piece. The pin’s
+shaped side should stick out to the front.
30. Place a dark gray 2x2 corner brick directly to the left of the half tile half plate piece. The corner should
be in the top right, like the braille letter D, so that the entire brick is on the octagon plate. Place a light
gray corner plate directly onto the previous piece, flush with it. Place a yellow 1x1 flower plate onto the
previous piece’s leftmost stud.
31. Locate the horizontally placed 1x2 rounded plate in the middle of the assembly. Place a large
magenta coral piece onto the right stud of this 1x2, so that the coral piece is overhanging forward. Secure
it down by placing a magenta 1x2 sloped curved tile horizontally onto the previous piece sloping down to
the left onto the left stud of the 1x2 plate.
32. Connect two coral pieces, a small magenta one and a large pink one, by stacking them onto each
other. Then place this stack onto the left stud of the 2x2 sloped brick on the left side of the assembly, the
coral pieces should be pointing left, one back and one forward.
33. Secure the previous two pieces down by placing a magenta 1x2 sloped curved tile horizontally onto
their stud, sloping down to the right and onto the back stud of the rounded 1x2 plate. Set this entire
assembly aside.
34. Locate a light blue 10x10 octagon base plate. Place a transparent 1x2 tile horizontally onto the right
two studs of the back row of the baseplate.
35. Place a white 2x2 corner tile with a cut corner directly in front of the previous piece’s left column, with
the corner being in the top right. Then place another white 2x2 corner tile with a cut corner directly to the
left of the previous piece, with the corner being in the top left.
36. Place a transparent 1x1 sloped tile on the third stud from the back of the second column from the
right. It should slope down to the right. Then place a white 2x2 corner tile with cut-off corner directly in
front and to the left of the previous piece, with the corner being in the front right. Then place a transparent
2x1 tile horizontally onto the middle two studs in the front row.
37. Place a transparent 1x1 sloped tile directly behind the previous piece’s right side, sloping down
forward. Then place a white 2x2 corner tile with cut-off corner directly to the left and back of the previous
piece, with the corner being in the bottom left.
38. Locate three concave brown 1x2 bricks. Place the first two vertically, in the middle two columns,
inside the corner pieces, across from each other, so that there is a four stud gap between them. Place the
third vertically directly behind the rightmost white corner tile’s left end.
39. Locate two of the short, small brown vertical pieces and place them one behind the other so that they
make a cylinder. Place this cylinder in the middle of the octagon plate.
40. Place a dark brown 2x2 plate directly to the left of the previous two pieces. Then stack another 2x2
dark brown plate directly onto the previous piece. Then stack a dark brown 2x2 brick directly onto the
previous piece. 
41. Locate a white 2x2 corner tile with the corner chopped off. Place it one stud to the front and one stud
to the left of the previous piece, so that it wraps around the previous piece’s front left corner.
42. Place a white 2x2 plate directly under the 10x10s middle four studs.
43. Place this new assembly onto the right large cylinder of the previous assembly. The previous piece
(the 2x2 plate) should go in the 2x2 gap of the cylinder. Remember to keep everything oriented as it was
before.
44. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees so that the right side is now on the left. Locate two large coral
pieces, one pink and one magenta. Then locate a yellow 1x1 flower plate piece in the very front of the
assembly, on the right half. Place the magenta coral piece on the stud one stud behind and one stud to
the right of this 1x1 flower plate, and the coral piece should be pointing forward and to the right. Then
locate the dark gray 2x2x2 sloped brick in the middle of the assembly and place the other coral piece on
the front stud of this brick, and the coral piece should be pointing forward.
45. Locate two magenta 1x2 sloped curved tiles. Place the first 1x2 horizontally onto the first piece placed
in the last step, sloping down to the left and onto the corner stud of the 2x2 corner brick. Place the second
1x2 sloped tile vertically onto the second piece placed in the last step, sloping down back and onto the
back stud of the 2x2x2 sloped brick.
46. Set the assembly aside. Locate another light blue 10x10 octagonal base plate. Place a dark gray 2x2
half tile half plate piece onto the middle two studs in the back two rows of the base plate. The two studs
should be in the front of the 2x2. Then place a tan 1x2 plate horizontally directly in front of the previous
piece.
47. Locate two white 2x2 corner tiles with the corner slightly chopped off. Place the first one directly to the
right of the previous piece, chopped-off corner to the front left. Place the second one directly to the left of
the 1x2 piece, chopped off corner to the front right.
48. Locate a dark gray 1x2 brick with a technic pin hole and orient it horizontally. Slide a blue three stud
long technic pin into the pinhole of the 1x2 so that two studs’ length of the pin is still sticking out in the
front. Then slide another 1x2 dark gray brick with a technic pin hole horizontally onto the end of the
technic pin that is sticking out. A bit of the pin should still be sticking out in front. Then place a tan 2x2
round plate onto the two 1x2s. Then stack another tan 2x2 round plate onto the first. Rotate this five piece
assembly so the bit of the pin sticking out is now pointing backward. Place this assembly onto the
previous assembly, so that the two 1x2s go onto the 2x2 half plate half tile and the 1x2 plate.
49. Place a transparent 1x1 sloped tile one stud to the right and one stud in front of the rightmost end of
the right 2x2 white corner tile. It should slope down to the right. Then place another white 2x2 corner tile
with a chopped off corner directly in front of the previous piece, chopped-off corner to the front right.
Then place a transparent 1x2 tile horizontally in the middle two studs of the front row of the 10x10.
50. Place a transparent 1x1 sloped tile directly behind the previous piece’s right column, sloping down
forward. Then place another white 2x2 corner tile with the corner chopped off directly to the left of the
previous piece, chopped-off corner to the front left.
51. Locate two dark brown concave 1x2 bricks. Place the first one horizontally so that it goes behind the
last 1x1 sloped tile placed and the previous piece’s right end. Place the second 1x2 brick vertically
directly behind the second to last 2x2 corner tile placed left end.
52. Locate two of the short small brown vertical half-cylinder pieces and place them one behind the other
so that they make a cylinder. Place this cylinder in the middle of the octagon plate. 
53. Place a dark brown 2x2 plate directly to the left of the previous two pieces. Then stack another 2x2
dark brown plate directly onto the previous piece. Then stack a dark brown 2x2 brick directly onto the
previous piece.
54. Locate a white 2x2 corner tile with the corner chopped off. Place it one stud to the front and one stud
to the left of the previous piece, so that it wraps around the previous piece’s front left corner.
55. Place a white 2x2 plate directly under the 10x10s middle four studs.
56. Place this new assembly onto the right large cylinder of the main assembly. The previous piece (the
2x2 plate) should go in the 2x2 gap of the cylinder. Remember to keep everything oriented as it was
before.
57. Locate a tan 2x12 plate and place it onto the top of the assembly so that it connects the two 2x2
bricks, covering both completely. Then locate two tan 2x2 inverted sloped bricks. Place them each onto
one of the two horizontal concave 1x2 bricks, each in front of its corresponding small cylinder at the top of
the assembly, and make sure they're both sloping forward up. Then locate a third tan 2x2 inverted sloped
brick and place it onto the horizontally oriented 1x2 brown concave brick behind the left cylinder at the top
of the assembly. Make sure it is sloping backward up.
58. Locate four 2x3 tan plates. Place the first three vertically onto each of the three previous pieces, and
onto their corresponding cylinder studs, keeping them connected to the cylinders. Place the last 2x3 plate
vertically so that its front two studs go onto the back two studs of the right cylinder, and its back four studs
should go onto the round 2x2 plate directly behind the right cylinder. Then locate two dark brown 2x3
inverted sloped bricks. Place the first one horizontally onto the vertically oriented 1x2 concave brick to the
left of the left cylinder, so that the piece overhangs to the left. Then place a tan 1x2 plate vertically onto
the leftmost two studs of this piece. Then place the other 2x3 brick horizontally onto the vertically oriented
1x2 concave brick to the right of the right cylinder, so that the piece overhangs to the right. Then place a
tan 1x2 plate vertically onto the right two studs of this piece.
59. Place a light brown 2x8 plate horizontally directly to the left of the previous piece. Then place another
light brown 2x8 plate horizontally directly to the right of the other 1x2 placed in the last step. There should
be an 8 column gap between the two pieces we just placed. Place two tan 2x2 round plates, each onto
one of the two 2x8s, each onto the middle four studs of their corresponding 2x8. Then place two more tan
2x2 round plates, each onto one of the other two we just placed, creating two stacks of two 2x2 rounded
plates.
Bag 3, we are almost halfway done!
60. Make a separate build. Locate a black 1x6 plate and orient it vertically.
61. Locate two light gray 2x2 plates which look like a 1x2 plate with a 1x2 brick with a technic pin hole on
the side. Orient them both so that both of their pinholes are pointing to the right. Then lay them next to
each other, one in front of the other. Then place the 1x6 we located in the last step under these two
piece’s left sides, centered, so that only the front and back studs of the 1x6 are exposed.
62. Place a tan 1x2 plate vertically onto the 1x6’s front stud, so that the front stud of the 1x2 is
overhanging forward. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with ball on short side vertically onto the 1x6’s back
stud, so that the back stud of the 1x2 is overhanging backward, and the ball is also pointing back.
63. Locate two dark brown 1x12 plates. Place the first one horizontally so that its right stud is under the
previous piece’s back stud. Place the second one horizontally so that its right stud is under the tan 1x2
plate’s front stud.
64. Place two tan 1x6 plates horizontally, each onto the 6 rightmost exposed stud of the previous pieces.
Each should still have 5 studs of the piece under it exposed to its left.
65. Place a tan 2x10 plate horizontally directly to the left and front of the front 1x6 placed in the last step.
The entire front row of the 2x10 should overhang forward, and the 5 leftmost columns of the 2x10 should
overhang to the left.

66. Locate a black 1x6 plate and orient it vertically.
67. Locate two light gray 2x2 plates which look like a 1x2 plate with a 1x2 brick with a technic pin hole on
the side. Orient them both so that both of their pinholes are pointing to the left. Then lay them next to
each other, one in front of the other. Then place the 1x6 we located in the last step under these two
pieces’ right sides, centered, so that only the front and back studs of the 1x6 are exposed.
68. Place a tan 1x2 plate vertically onto the 1x6’s front stud, so that the front stud of the 1x2 is
overhanging forward. Place a tan 1x2 plate vertically onto the 1x6’s back stud, so that the back stud of
the 1x2 is overhanging backward.
69. Locate two dark brown 1x12 plates. Place the first one horizontally so that its left stud is under the
previous piece’s back stud. Place the second one horizontally so that its left stud is under the tan 1x2
plate’s front stud.
70. Place a tan 1x6 plate horizontally, onto the 6 leftmost exposed stud of the front 1x12. It should still
have 5 studs of the piece under it exposed to its right. Place a tan 1x2 plate horizontally, onto the 2
leftmost exposed studs of the back 1x12. It should still have 9 studs of the piece under it exposed to its
right. Place another tan 1x2 plate horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece. Then place a dark
gray 1x2 plate with ball on long side horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece, so that the ball
points backwards.
71. Place the two assemblies together, so that the tips of the four 1x12s touch, with the two front 1x12s
being held together by the 2x10 plate at the front.
72. Place a 2x1 tan plate horizontally in the middle two studs of the back row of the assembly, holding the
two 1x12s together. Place an orange translucent 1x1 round plate four studs to the right of the previous
piece, to the left up the tan 1x6 plate. Place another orange translucent 1x1 round plate six studs to the
left of the 1x2 piece, to the right of the 2x1 plate with ball on long side.
73. Locate two tan 8x8 plates with a diagonal grid in the middle, and 2x22 round studs in the center.
Place the first one on the very left of the assembly, so that its left edge is pressed against the 2x1
plates/2x1 bricks with pinholes. Place the second one on the very right of the assembly, so that its right
edge is pressed against the other two 2x1 plate/2x1bricks with pinholes.
74. Place a light gray 4x6 plate vertically onto the middle 24 studs of the left four columns of the first 8x8
placed in the last step. Then place a light gray 2x6 plate with two rounded corners vertically onto the
middle 12 studs of the rightmost two columns of the second 8x8 placed in the last step. The rounded
corners should be on the left side.
75. Locate the weird light brown 4x8 piece that looks like a 2x8 plate with two rounded corners with two
4x3 plates connected under it. Orient it horizontally so that the rounded corners are pointing back. Place
another tan 8x8 plate with a diagonal grid in the middle so that the 8x8’s back two rows go onto the 4x8’s
front two rows which are just two 2x3 plates sticking out forward. Place this assembly onto the previous
assembly so that the 8x8 goes right in between the other two 8x8s, so that its front row goes onto the
back row of the 2x10, and the round back of the 4x8 plate is placed onto the two back 1x12 plates.
76. Locate two tan 1x2 plates each with a bar in front. Place them both horizontally onto the front row of
the 2x10 plate sticking out in front. Place the first one onto the rightmost two studs and place the second
onto the leftmost two studs. Both should have their bars pointing forward. 
77. Locate two light brown 2x2 tiles with 1 stud. Place each one onto one of the two previous pieces, so
that its front row is connected to one of the two 1x2 plates placed in the last step, and its back row is
connected to two of the three 10x10 plates. Then place two light brown 2x4 plates vertically, skipping one
row to the back from one of the two previous pieces, each holding two of the three 10x10 plates together,
in the middle rows of the assembly.
78. Locate two light brown 2x2 sloped curved tiles and two 1x2 sloped tiles. Place the first 2x2
horizontally onto the left two studs of the front row of the 4x6 plate in the left of the assembly, sloping
down forward onto the left two studs of the front row of the left 10x10. Then place a 1x2 sloped tile
horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece’s front row, onto the front row of the 10x10. Place the
second 2x2 horizontally onto the left two studs of the back row of the 4x6 plate in the left of the assembly,
sloping down back onto the left two studs of the back row of the left 10x10. Then place the second 1x2
sloped tile horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece’s back row, onto the back row of the
10x10.
79. Locate eight tan 1x2 grilled tiles and place them vertically as follows. Place the first one directly in
front of the previous piece’s right end. Then place the next directly in front of the previous piece. Then
place the next also directly in front of the previous piece. Then place the next directly to the left of the
previous piece. Then place the next directly behind the previous piece. Then place the next also directly
behind the previous piece, so the last six pieces create a vertical 2x6 shape. Then locate the last two
1x2s, and orient them vertically, one behind the other, and place this 1x4 assembly directly to the left of
the previous 6 pieces, right between the two 2x2 sloped tiles’ right ends.
80. Locate two tan 2x2 round plates. Place the first one directly under the middle four studs of the entire
assembly. It should fit perfectly under the 2x2 area in the middle 10x10. Then place the other 2x2 directly
under the first.
81. Place a light brown 2x8 plate vertically under the previous piece, so that it is connected to the 2x2,
and its front and back rows should be connected to all four of the 1x12 plates.
82. Connect this assembly to the main assembly, so that the previous piece’s middle four studs are
connected to the long horizontal 2x12’s middle four studs, and the right and left ends are flush.
83. Set this assembly aside. Locate two corresponding tan 3x12 triangular pieces, where corresponding
means they are opposite-oriented. Lay them together horizontally so they create a trapezoid pointing to
the right.
84. Place a tan 2x2 tile onto the rightmost four studs of this trapezoid. Then place a tan 1x2 grilled tile
vertically directly to the left of the previous piece.
85. Flip this part upside-down, it should still be horizontal with the wide end at the left and the narrow end
at the right. Locate two light gray 2x2 plates which look like a 1x2 plate with a 1x2 brick with a technic pin
hole on the side. Orient them both so that both of their pinholes are pointing to the left. Now place them
upside-down, in the middle of the trapezoid’s left column, bricks with pinholes overhanging to the left. 86.
Place a dark brown 2x6 plate horizontally directly to the right of the two previous pieces, so that it holds
the two triangular plates together.
87. Place a tan 2x4 plate vertically on the previous piece’s left two studs and the two 2x2’s right four
studs.
88. Please flip this part right-side up. Place a tan 2x4 plate horizontally onto the middle two rows of the
trapezoid, so that there are three free columns to the left and right of it. Place a light brown 2x2 corner
piece directly to the right of the previous piece, so that the corner is in the top left like the Braille letter F.
Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with ball on short side vertically directly in front of the previous piece’s right
stud, so that the ball is overhanging forward. 
89. Locate a light brown 2x2 sloped curved tile and place it onto the previous piece’s back stud and onto
the 2x2 corner plate’s right stud, sloping down to the right and onto the trapezoid studs directly to the left
of the 1x2 grilled tile. Then place a dark brown 2x4 tile horizontally directly to the left of the previous
piece.
90. Locate two black technic pins and insert them each into one of the two pinholes on the left side of the
assembly.
91. Connect
this assembly to the main assembly by clipping it onto the right side of the main assembly by inserting the
black pins into the pinholes at the top right of the main assembly.
92. Set this assembly aside. Locate two corresponding tan 3x12 triangular pieces, where corresponding
means they are opposite-oriented. Lay them together horizontally so they create a trapezoid pointing to
the left.

93. Place a tan 2x2 tile onto the leftmost four studs of this trapezoid. Then place a tan 1x2 grilled tile
vertically directly to the right of the previous piece.
94. Flip your part upside-down it should still be horizontal with the narrow end at the left and wide end at
the right. Locate two light gray 2x2 plates which look like a 1x2 plate with a 1x2 brick with a technic pin
hole on the side. Orient them both so that both of their pinholes are pointing to the right. Now place them
on the trapezoid’s right column in the middle, pinholes to the right.
95. Place a dark brown 2x6 plate horizontally directly to the left of the two previous pieces, it should hold
the two triangular plates together.
96. Place a tan 2x4 plate vertically onto the right two columns and the two 2x2’s left four studs.
97. Flip your structure right-side up, with the narrow end still at teh left. Place a tan 2x4 plate horizontally
onto the middle two rows of the trapezoid, so that there are three free columns to the left and right of it.
Place a light brown 2x2 corner piece directly to the left of the previous piece, so that the corner is in the
top right, like the Braille letter D. Place a dark gray 1s2 plate with ball on short side vertically directly in
front of the previous piece’s left stud, so that the ball is overhanging forward.
98. Locate a light brown 2x2 sloped curved tile and place it onto the previous piece’s back stud and onto
the 2x2 corner plate’s left stud, sloping down to the left and onto the trapezoid studs directly to the right of
the 1x2 grilled tile. Then place a dark brown 2x4 tile horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece.
99. Locate two black technic pins and insert them each into one of the two pinholes on the right side of
the assembly.
100. Connect this assembly to the main assembly by clipping it onto the left side of the main assembly by
inserting the black pins into the pinholes at the top left of the main assembly.
101. Locate two dark green 4x8 plates with rounded corners. Place the first one vertically directly to the
right of the horizontal 2x4 plate to the left of the 2x2 sloped curved tiles at the left of the assembly, with
the rounded corners pointing to the left. There should be a free column to the left of this piece before you
feel the horizontal 2x4 tile. Place the second one vertically directly to the right of the vertical 2x6 plate
with rounded corners placed on the right of the assembly, with the rounded corners pointing to the right.
There should be a free column to the right, and then the horizontal 2x4 tile.
102. Place a dark brown 2x4 tile horizontally directly to the left of the horizontal 2x4 tile at the top right of
the assembly. Then place a dark brown 2x4 tile horizontally directly to the right of the horizontal 2x4 tile at
the top left of the assembly.
103. Place a dark brown 1x4 plate vertically directly to the right of the previous piece. Then place a light
brown 2x2 sloped curved tile vertically onto the back two studs of the previous piece, sloping down to the
right and onto the left column of the 4x6. Then place another light brown 2x2 sloped curved tile vertically
sloping down to the right directly in front of the previous piece. Locate the left 2x4 horizontal tile on the
right of the structure, the one we placed in the last step. Place a dark brown 1x4 plate vertically directly to
the left of this piece. Then place a light brown 2x2 sloped curved tile vertically onto the back two studs of
the previous piece, sloping down to the left and onto the right column of the 2x6 plate with rounded
corners. Then place another light brown 2x2 sloped curve tile sloping down to the left, directly in front of
the previous piece.
104. Locate the light brown 1x2 ladder piece. Place it horizontally onto the middle two studs of the back
row of the right 10x10, with the ladder pointing back.
105. Build a separate part: Locate a dark brown bent technic axle connector. Insert a red two-stud long
axle into both ends. Orient it so that they are both pointing slightly forward and to the sides. Slide a dark
brown axle extender (which feels like a ribbed tube) onto the right axle. Slide a three-stud long axle into
the other side of the axle extender. Insert a red technic pin with a stud on it into the pinhole of the axle
connector, so that the stud is pointing up. Then insert a wrench piece into the stud. Slide a dark gray
technic piece with a + shaped axle hole and a bar on two sides onto the left axle, so that the bars go
forward and up/down. Connect this technic assembly into the main assembly by inserting the remaining
bit of the three-stud long axle into the axle hole in the middle of the right 10x10 base plate, so that the
assembly points up and to the left, like a steering system.
106. Now we’ll build the campfire. It’s a separate part which we’ll connect to our main build a little later.
Locate a light gray 4x4 round plate. Place an orange 2x2 round plate onto the middle four studs of the
4x4. Locate four yellow translucent 1x1 sloped tiles and four orange translucent 1x1 plates. Place a 1x1
sloped tile directly to the left of the 2x2 plate’s front row, sloping down to the left. Place a 1x1 round plate
directly behind the previous piece. Place a 1x1 sloped tile directly behind the 2x2’s left column, sloping
down to the back. Place a 1x1 round plate directly to the right of the previous piece. Complete this pattern
all around the 2x2, with all 8 pieces. Place a tan 2x2 round plate under the 4x4’s middle four studs.
Locate four dark brown 1x2 plates each with a bar sticking up. Place the first one horizontally, directly in
front of the 2x2 round plate under the 4x4, with the bar going forward and up. Place the second one
vertically, directly to the right of the 2x2 under the 4x4, with the bar going right and up. Place the third
one horizontally, directly in behind the 2x2 under the 4x4, with the bar going backwards and up. Place
the last one vertically, directly to the left of the 2x2 under the 4x4, with the bar going left and up. Place
this assembly onto the middle four studs of the middle 10x10 base plate at the top of the main assembly.
107. Locate a brown straight axle connector piece. Orient it so that the pinhole is pointing forward and
backward. Insert a red 2 stud long axle into the left end of the axle connector. Insert a gray 5 stud long
axle into the right end of the axle connector.
108. Slide a dark gray technic piece with a + shaped axle hole and a bar on two sides onto the previous
piece, so that the bars go forward and up/down. Slide a gray 1 stud bushing onto the end of the gray 5-
stud-long axle.
109. Slide a black technic piece with a + shaped axle hole with a 1.5 stud long axle coming out of it, onto
the remaining end of the gray 5-stud-long axle. The axle bit should point forward.
110. Slide a brown axle extender piece onto the end of the gray 5-stud-long axle. Locate another one of
those black technic pieces with a + shaped axle hole with a 1.5 stud long axle coming out of it, but this
time insert its axle into the axle extender. The hole should be going from front to back.
111. Slide a gray technic 1 stud axle with ball into the back side of the previous piece, so that the ball
points back. Then slide a black technic pin with a ball into the back side of the hole on the left side of the
assembly, so that it goes into the axle connector piece, with the ball pointing back. 
112. Attach a brown technic axle extender piece onto the front of the assembly, so that it slides onto the
1.5 axle bit pointing forward in the middle of the assembly. Then insert a black 6 stud long technic axle
into the previous piece, so that it still points forward.
113. Slide another brown technic axle extender piece to the front of the previous piece. Then slide a
yellow 3 stud long axle into the front of the previous piece.
114. Connect this assembly to the main assembly by sliding the end of the previous piece into the
campfire bit in the middle of the main assembly. The gray ball joint piece should be in the front of the
assembly, and it should be pointing up. The bars at the back bottom of the assembly should point to the
left and right.
Bag 4, final bag
Assemble the two new minifigures. The first one has turquoise legs, tail, torso, and head. The second has
slightly more blue legs, tail, torso, and head. They have the same hair. Then make the torch and hand it
to the second minifigure as follows:
1. Locate a dark brown lightsaber hilt piece. Insert a light brown 1x1 round plate with a bent bar coming
out of the bottom (also known as a glass plate, (to figure out what this piece feels like refer to step 12 of
bag 1 to figure out what this piece feels like.) into it.
2. Attach a tan 1x1 round plate onto the previous piece.
3. Insert a flame piece into the hole in the stud in the previous piece.
Place the minifigures anywhere you like.
115. Place a magenta small coral piece onto the main assembly so that it hangs from the left bar on the
dark gray technic piece with two bars sticking out to both sides. It should hang down. Locate a dark brown
large ladder piece. Clip it onto the left horizontal bar on the front of the assembly.
116. Locate the dark brown pitchfork and clip it vertically into the wrench at the middle right of the
assembly. The fork should point down. Then locate the pumpkin piece and place a 1x1 tan brownish
round plate onto it. Then insert a black wrench piece into the previous piece. Then clip this pumpkin
assembly onto the front bar of the dark gray technic piece with two bars sticking out to two sides, close to
where we hung the pitchfork from. It should hang down.
117. Locate an orange fish piece and insert the long end of a black “pistol” like piece into the nose of the
fish. Then slide a dark brown lightsaber hilt piece onto the other end of the pistol piece, creating a right
angle. Connect this to the main assembly by connecting the other end of the lightsaber handle piece to
the bar sticking up directly in front of the campfire. The fish should be hanging above the campfire. Then
place a tan 1x1 plate with a clip-on top of it onto the second stud from the front on the left column of the
vertical light brown 2x4 plate to the right of the campfire. Then clip a purple carrot piece into the clip. The
carrot should point forward.
118. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees around the vertical axis. Then locate a maroon 1x1 plate
expanding into a hemispherical bowl shape. Place a 2x2x2 maroon cone piece onto the previous piece.
Then place a brown 1x1 round plate with a short bar sticking out of it onto the only stud of the previous
piece. Place this assembly onto the second stud from the front of the right column of the 2x6 gray
rounded plate on the left of the assembly. Then locate two tan 2x2 round tiles with a hole in each. Place
two light green 3x3 radar dish pieces upside down so that their studs go into the holes of each of the two
2x2 tiles. Place the first one of these assemblies onto the four leftmost studs of the front two rows of the
middle 8x8 plate. Place the second assembly onto the back four studs of the vertical 2x4 plate on the
middle/right of the assembly. 
119. Place a tan 1x1 plate with a clip on it onto the front left stud of the same 2x4 from the last step. Clip
a white bone piece into the clip. Then place a 1x1 leaf plate onto the front left stud of the other 2x4 plate,
corresponding to the first.
120. Locate a brown clip piece with a sleeve and insert the long end of a black “pistol” like piece into the
end of the sleeve. Then slide a dark brown lightsaber hilt piece onto the other end of the pistol piece,
creating a right angle. Connect this to the main assembly by connecting the other end of the lightsaber
handle piece to the bar sticking up directly in front of the campfire. The clip should be hanging above the
campfire. Then clip a 1x1 brown bowl piece together with its tan handle and clip the handle into the clip of
the first piece from this step.
121. Locate the two large polyester flat sails. The first sail should have three ends. One long and thick
end, one short one, and one very short one. It should also have a faced side and a non-faced side. Each
end should have at least one pinhole. Place the first sail so that the medium-long end’s hole goes around
the ball piece on the back of the very left end of the assembly. The very short end’s hole should go
around the ball piece on the very front of the assembly, on the left side. And finally, the last two holes
should go around the two balls sticking up at the top middle of the assembly.
122. The second sail should be the same as the first, just with a face side on the other side. Place the
second sail so that the medium-long end’s hole goes around the ball piece on the back of the very right
end of the assembly. The very short end’s hole should go around the ball piece on the very front of the
assembly, on the right side. And finally, the last two holes should go around the two balls sticking up at
the top middle of the assembly.
123. Set the main assembly aside. Place a green 2x2 plate with an octagon of bars around it onto a tan
2x2 round plate.
124. Place a dark gray 1x2 rounded plate onto the front row of the green 2x2.
125. Locate two tan 1x1 plates each with a clip-on top of them. Clip the first one upside-down onto the
front bar of the octagon 2x2, and the second one also upside down but onto the back bar of the octagon.
They should both be pointing forward and up.
126. Clip two black wrench pieces onto the octagon 2x2, one onto the back right bar and one onto the
back left bar. They should both be pointing up, and slightly backward. Slide two small green coral pieces,
each onto one of the two previous wrench pieces. The green coral pieces should be pointing back and
out.
127. Locate two green 1x1 leaf plates. Place the first one onto the right stud of the 1x2 plate, pointing
back and right, and the second one onto the left stud of the 1x2 plate, pointing back and left.
128. Locate two tan 1x1 plates each with a clip-on top. Place the first one onto the front right bar of the
octagon 2x2, pointing forward and right, and place the second one onto the front left bar of the octagon
2x2, pointing forward and left. Then locate two tan 1x1 round plates. Place each one onto one of the two
undersides of the two previous pieces. Then locate two brown 3-stemmed twig pieces and insert each
one into one of the two holes of the two previous pieces.
129. Place a 1x1 leaf plate upside down onto the upside-down 1x1 plate with top clip on the front of the
octagon. The leaf should point up and back.
130. Connect this to the main assembly by sliding the 2x2s onto the remaining end of the red technic axle
on the front top of the main assembly.
131. Locate a blue 10x10 octagon base plate and place it on the table in front of you so that the side with
ridges underneath, the side with three evenly spaced studs, should be in front of you. Place a light gray
2x2 sloped brick vertically onto the back four studs of the front right side sloping to the right.
132. Place a dark gray 1x2 rounded plate vertically in front of the previous piece’s left column. Then place
a turquoise 1x1 sloped tile directly to the right of the previous piece’s back stud, sloping to the right.
133. Place a dark gray 2x2x2 sloped brick vertically onto the back four studs of the left front side of the
base plate, sloping forward and left. Place a transparent 1x1 plate with a clip on it pointing to the left, onto
the previous piece’s back stud. Then place a turquoise 1x2 sloped curved tile onto the previous piece,
sloping down forward and onto the 2x2x2’s front stud.
134. Place a light gray 2x2 sloped brick directly in front of the 2x2x2, sloping down and forward. Place a
transparent 1x1 plate with a clip onto the 2x2’s left stud, with the clip pointing left. Then place a turquoise
1x2 sloped curved tile onto the previous piece, sloping down and right, onto the 2x2’s right stud.
135. Locate a dark brown 2x4 tall cliff piece and place it vertically directly to the right of the previous two
bricks, so that the cliff is pointing left.
136. Place a second 2x4 tall cliff piece horizontally so that it goes directly behind the first 2x2 brick placed
in this assembly. The cliff piece should point forward. Place a yellow 1x1 flower plate three studs to the
right of the previous piece’s front row. This is the row with no studs on top that looks like a jagged
upward-facing triangle with no point on top.
137. Place an inverted dark gray 2x2 sloped brick onto the leftmost stud of the second cliff piece and onto
the frontmost stud of the first cliff piece. The 2x2 should slope up and forward.
138. Locate two coral pieces, a large pink one and a small magenta one. Place the large pink one onto
the right stud of the 2x2, slope brick at the front of the assembly, pointing front and left. Place the
magenta one onto the left stud of the 1x2 plate, pointing forward and right.
139. Place a magenta 1x2 sloped curved tile onto the previous piece so that it slopes down and to the
right, onto the right stud of the 1x2 plate. Place a magenta 1x2 sloped curved tile onto the first coral piece
placed in the last step, so that it slopes down and to the left, onto the left stud of the 2x2. Locate the two
light green fish pieces and clip them into the clips on the left side of the assembly.
140. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees. Place a light gray 2x2 brick so that its back row is under the back
cliff piece. Place a turquoise 1x1 sloped tile in front of the previous piece’s right column, sloping down
forward.
141. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with a bar sticking up onto the front row of the 2x2, so that the bar goes
forward and up. Place a turquoise 1x2 sloped curved tile onto the previous piece’s right stud, sloping
down and back, onto the 2x2’s back right stud.
142. Now we’ll build a separate flower piece. Locate the pink 2x2 round flower petal plate. Place four
magenta 1x1 leaf plates each onto one of the four studs of the 2x2, pointing out. Place a green 2x2 round
tile with a stud onto the four previous pieces. Flip the assembly upside-down. Insert a small white glow in
the dark 6-stemmed pistil piece into the hole of the 2x2 flower petal plate. Attach this flower to the
assembly by sliding it onto the bar we placed in the last step.
143. Place a dark gray 2x4 brick horizontally, so that its right four studs go onto the back four studs of the
leftmost two columns of the baseplate. The left four studs of the 2x4 should be overhanging to the left.
Place a light gray 2x2 sloped brick directly in front of the 2x4’s right four studs, so that the 2x2 slopes
down forward. Place a yellow 1x1 round flower plate directly to the right of the previous piece’s front row.
144. Place a dark gray 2x2 corner brick onto the 2x4’s right four studs, so that the corner is in the front
right, like the Braille letter J. Place a yellow 1x1 round flower plate directly behind the previous piece’s left
end. 
145. Place a dark gray 1x2x3 sloped brick horizontally, so that its right stud is directly in front of the
vertical cliff piece’s front stud. The 1x2x3 should slope down and to the left. Then place a turquoise 1x1
sloped tile directly to the right of the previous piece, sloping down and to the right.
146. Place a yellow 1x1 round flower plate piece two studs in front of the 1x2x3’s right end. Then place
the yellow crab piece three studs to the left and one stud to the back of the previous piece.
147. Place a dark gray 1x1 brick with side stud in front of it onto the only stud of the 1x2x3. Then place a
second 1x1 dark gray brick with side stud in front of it directly in front of the right row of the 2x2 corner
piece. Both should have their side studs pointing forward. Then locate two white 1x1 round tiles Place
each one onto one of the two side studs placed just now.
148. Place a dark gray 1x3x2 half arch piece onto the first 1x1 brick placed in the previous step. The arch
piece should arch to the left, so that two of its three studs are overhanging to the left.
149. Place a dark gray 2x2 inverted sloped brick so that its front end is placed onto the previous piece’s
right stud, and its back end is placed onto the front stud of the 2x4 cliff piece. It should overhang to the
right.
150. Place a dark gray 2x1x2 brick vertically onto the right column of the 2x2 corner piece. Place a
turquoise 1x1 sloped tile directly to the left of the previous piece’s front stud, so that it slopes down to the
left.
151. Locate a navy blue 4x8 plate and place it horizontally, so that its top right four studs are placed
under the leftmost four studs of the overhanging 2x4 brick.
152. Place a dark gray 1x5 inverted arched brick horizontally so that its left three studs are on the
previous piece, and the rightmost end is on the 1x1 brick, sloping down and to the left.
153. Place a dark gray 2x2 inverted sloped brick onto the previous piece’s right stud, and onto the
1x2x3’s front stud, sloping down and to the right. Then place a dark gray 1x1 brick with a side stud behind
it directly behind the previous piece’s left column. Place a white 1x1 round plate onto the side stud of the
previous piece, pointing back.
154. Place a dark gray 2x2 corner brick onto the previous piece and onto the back right stud of the 2x2
inverted sloped brick, so that the corner is on the back left stud of the horizontal cliff piece.

155. Place a dark gray 1x2 inverted sloped brick directly in front of the previous piece’s right column,
sloping up forward. Place a dark gray 2x2 inverted sloped brick directly to the left of the previous piece’s
back stud and the 2x2 corner piece’s front end, sloping up and to the left.
156. Set this assembly aside and locate a light blue 10x10 octagonal base plate. Place it it on the table in
front of you, sothat the side with ridges underneath it, and evenly-spaced studs is in front of you.Place a
tan 2x4 plate diagonally starting at the front left side and going diagonally inward.
157. Place a light blue 2x2 round tile with a stud in the middle two columns to the right of the previous
piece, meaning there is a 4 stud gap between them. Place a translucent 1x1 round tile 1 stud in front of
the round 2x2 tile’s right column and another 1x1 translucent round tile two studs behind the 2x2 tile’s
right column.
158. Place a white 2x2 corner tile with the corner chopped off to the right of the 2x4 tan plate’s right front
stud, so that the corner is in the front left. Place another white 2x2 corner tile with the corner chopped off
directly in front and one stud to the left of the previous piece, with the corner in the front right. Place a
translucent 1x1 sloped tile one stud to the right and one stud behind the 2x4’s back right stud, sloping
down and to the right. Place the last white 2x2 corner tile with the corner chopped off directly behind the
previous piece, so that this new 2x2’s front end is touching the 1x1, and its corner is in the back right. 
159. Place a tan 2x2 round plate directly to the left of the previous piece’s front stud and the 1x1 sloped
tile. Place a second tan 2x2 rounded plate directly on top of the first. They should both be directly behind
the 2x4’s right four studs. Place another tan 2x2 round plate directly in front of the 2x4’s right four studs.
Place a fourth tan 2x2 round plate directly on top of the first. Locate four dark gray 1x2 plates each with a
clip. Place the first one onto the left column of the first stack of 2x2s, so that the clip points back. Place
the second one onto the right column of the first stack of 2x2s, so that the clip points back. Place the third
one onto the left column of the second stack of 2x2s, so that the clip points forward. Place the last one
onto the right column of the second stack of 2x2s, so that the clip points forward.
160. Place this assembly on top of the previous, so that the left edge of this assembly, specifically the left
end of the 2x4 plate is flush with the inverted sloped 2x2 brick at the top of the left of the previous
assembly.
161. Locate three dark gray 1x2 plates with a pole sticking up. Place the first one horizontally onto the left
two studs of the front row of the horizontal 2x4 brick in the back of the assembly, so that the bar is going
back and up. Place the next dark gray 1x2 plate with a upward-facing bar horizontally directly to the left of
the previous piece, so that the bar is going back and up. Place the last one vertically directly in front of the
previous piece’s left stud, so that the bar points left and up.
162. Place a dark gray 4x4 plate with a rounded corner onto the leftmost 16 studs of the 4x8, so that the
rounded corner is in the front right. Place a turquoise 1x2 sloped curved tile vertically onto the leftmost
stud of the 1x5 inverted arch brick, sloping down forward onto the 4x8’s front row. Then place a yellow
1x1 round flower plate one stud behind and one stud to the right of the previous piece, so that it is on the
rightmost 2x1’s left stud.
163. Locate and orient a dark gray a-shaped plate (it looks like the print letter A) vertically, legs to the
back. Place a light gray 2x2 plate that looks like a 1x2 brick with a pinhole in the side connected to a 1x2
plate so that the plate-side is connected to the middle two studs of the left edge of the A, pinhole pointing
to the left. Place a turquoise 1x2 sloped curved tile vertically onto the previous piece’s front stud, sloping
down forward onto the left front stud of the A piece. Place another turquoise 1x2 sloped tile vertically onto
the 2x2’s back stud, so that it is sloping back down, and onto the left back stud of the A piece. Place this
onto the last assembly by placing the A’s right edge onto the left column of the 4x4 rounded plate, so that
most of the last four pieces are overhanging to the left.
164. Place a turquoise 1x2 sloped curved tile horizontally onto the A piece’s back right stud, so that it
slopes down to the right onto the 4x4 plate. Then place a dark gray 1x2 rounded plate vertically, directly
in front of the previous piece’s right end. Then place another dark gray 1x2 rounded plate vertically,
directly to the right of the last 1x2 sloped curved tile and the previous piece’s back stud. Then insert the
end of a transparent 1x1 round glass plate (the 1x1 round plate with bent bar on the bottom into the hole
in the previous piece’s back stud.
165. Place three light green 1x1 bowl pieces, each onto one of the three bars sticking up on the left side
of the assembly. Then locate three translucent light green tall dome pieces and place each one onto one
of the three previous pieces.
166. Place a light gray 2x2 sloped brick onto the middle two studs of the right edge of the A piece and
onto the leftmost 1x2 vertical rounded plate, so that it slopes down forward. Place a yellow 1x1 round
flower plate onto the previous piece’s right stud.
167. Set this aside. Locate a tan 2x4 plate and orient it horizontally.
168. Place a tan 2x12 plate horizontally so that the 2x4 goes under the 2x12’s rightmost end.
169. Locate a dark brown A shaped piece, and orient it vertically, legs at the back and put the studs in
the middle of its rightmost column under the 12x2 plate’s leftmost column. 
170. Place a tan 2x2 round plate directly to the right of the previous piece, so that it goes under the 2x12.
171. Locate two dark brown rounded 1x1 plates each with a clip bar on one side of them. Place the first
onto the back stud of the right edge of the A piece, so that the bar is on the right side. Place the second
one onto the front stud of the right edge of the A piece, so that the bar is also on the right side. Place a
light gray 2x2 plate that looks like a 1x2 brick with a pinhole in the side connected to a 1x2 plate so that
the plate-side is connected to the middle two studs of the left edge of the A-shaped plate, pinhole pointing
to the left. Place a dark tan 1x1 round plate directly behind the previous piece’s right column. Place
another dark tan 1x1 round plate directly in front of the 2x2’s right column.
172. Place another dark gray a-shaped plate vertically legs to the back, so that its left edge goes over the
last three pieces, and its right edge goes over the two 1x1s and the left end of the 2x12.
173. Place a dark tan 2x2 sloped curved tile onto the middle two studs of the previous piece’s right edge,
so that it slopes down to the right and onto the 2x12. Then place a tan 1x2 grilled tile vertically directly to
the right of the previous piece.
174. Locate four dark tan 1x1 tiles. Place the first one directly behind the 2x2 sloped curved tile’s left end.
Place the second one directly in front of the 2x2 sloped curved tile’s left end. Place the third one onto the
back stud of the left edge of the A piece. Then place a tan 2x2 tile directly in front of the previous piece,
onto the A piece and the piece to its left. Then place the last 1x1 tile directly in front of the previous
piece’s right end.
175. Place a tan 6x7 triangular plate horizontally two studs to the right of the 1x2 grilled tile. It should
have two studs on either side of it exposed. The triangle should point to the left. Place a tan 2x2 sloped
curved tile onto the previous piece’s leftmost two studs, sloping down to the left and onto the 2x12. Place
a tan 1x2 grilled tile vertically directly to the right of the previous piece. Place another 1x2 grilled tile
vertically directly to the right of the previous piece. Place the last tan 1x2 grilled tile vertically directly to
the right of the previous piece.
176. Recall back to the previous assembly. Place this assembly onto the previous so that the rightmost
row of the 6x7 goes onto the two left 1x2 plates each with a clip. The end of the 2x12 should be flush with
the 2x4 plate.
177. Locate two dark brown long bendy poles. Slide a dark brown clip with a sleeve piece onto one end of
each of the two poles. Clip these clip pieces to the horizontal bars on the left of the assembly and clip the
other end of the bar into the clip pieces in the middle/right of the assembly. The bars should bend.
178. Place a tan 2x6 plate with two rounded corners vertically so that its left column is placed onto the
two rightmost 2x1 plates with clips, centered, and the two rounded corners are on the right.
179. Locate two dark brown 1x2 sloped tiles with a bar on top. Place the first one horizontally onto the
previous piece’s back left stud and onto the 7x6’s back right stud, sloping down back. Place the second
one horizontally onto the 2x6 piece’s front left stud and onto the 7x6’s front right stud, sloping down
forward.
180. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees. Call back to the main assembly and rotate that 90 degrees
clockwise. Connect the two assemblies by inserting the pins in the back of the left side of the assembly
into the pinholes on the right of the last assembly.
181. Place a dark gray 2x3 sloped brick onto the front row of the light gray 2x2 corner plate, and the two
1x2 bricks with pinholes, in the very bottom, backish, middleish of the assembly, so that it slopes down
forward. Place a white 1x1 round plate onto the previous piece’s left stud. 
182. Place the dark brown 2x2 barrel piece directly to the right of the back brown 1x2 tile with a bar on
top, in the back left of the assembly, which was placed recently. Put an orange fish piece into the barrel.
That's it! Great work!
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit bricksfortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!
At the end of the instruction booklets are advertisements for the following 9 other LEGO Avatar Theme
kits:
75571 Neytiri & Thanator vs. AMP Suit Quaritch
75572 Jake & Neytiri's First Banshee Flight
75573 Floating Mountains: Site 26 & RDA Samson
75574 Toruk Makto & Tree of Souls
75575 Ilu Discovery
75576 Skimwing Adventure
75577 Mako Submarine
75578 Metkayina Reef Home
75579 Payakan the Tulkun & Crabsuit
These sets could be built, collected, and put together for the ultimate immersive Avatar experience! All
LEGO avatar sets are in the same compatible style, ensuring that combining them will give you a
complete Avatar world with all of the Avatar creatures, landmarks, and characters. Happy building!