410001 Mia's Magic Tricks
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
Mia’s practicing hard for the big Heartlake City magic show. Help her to learn tricks with cards, a magic
wand, flowers, her bunny and a top hat. Build her stage for the big performance then stun the crowds
with a cute performing bunny that disappears into its own magic cabinet. Amaze the crowds when the
bunny disappears! Includes Mia minifigure.
Build the Mia mini-doll and give her a magic wand, put it in her hand. Give Mia's Rabbit, a bow, by
inserting the bow into the hole on the rabbit's head.
Build a table:
Take a 2x2 plate and put it on the table. Put a 2x2 cylinder on top. Put a 4x4 round plate on top, (this is
the table. Put a 2x1 tile on top, (it's printed with playing cards). Put the flowers on the stem and put them
on the table.
Build a curtain:
Put an 8x2 plate horizontally on the table. Put a tall 2x1 vertically on the left rows and repeat
symmetrically on the right. Put a f2x2 with bracier on the front rows of the pieces, button upright to the
front. Take a tall 2x1 with one button to the right of the left tall 2x1 on the back row slope put it to the
right of the left tall piece, slope to the right. Put a 1x1 button on top. Repeat symmetrically at the right.
Take a 2x1 slope with two buttons and 4 side holes and put it on top of the left piece, slope to the right
and side holes to the left. Repeat symmetrically at the right. Put a f8x1 horizontally on top, put a f2x1
with one button horizontally in the middle of the pp. Put two 1x1 star pieces on the upright buttons at the
left and right of your structure. Put a fs1x1 wedge to the left, slide to the left, repeat symmetrically to the
right, put a 1x1 button on top in the middle (on the 1 button of the 2x1 with one button. Put a top hat on
the pp.
Build a disappearing box: Take a 4x4 rectangular frame with side
holes and put it horizontally on the table. Put a 4x1 vertically on the right edge, put a 4x1 horizontally on
the back wall and front wall respectively. Put a fs2x1 vertically in the middle of the right wall. Take a 4x1
with horizontal slot and put it horizontally to the front of the piece, and to the left, slot to the back. Repeat
symmetrically at the back. LMA.
Make a part: Take a f6x2 and put it horizontally on the table. Put an fs6x1 on the front row and one on
the back row. Flip your part upside-down. Take a f2x1 with three vertical prongs and put on the leftmost
column, Put a f2x1 with cornice on the back row to the right, cornice to the back. repeat symmetrically at
the front. Put a f2x2 to the right and put a f2x1 with handle vertically to the right, handle to the right.
Take your part and slide it into the frame so that the handle is to the right, it slides from right to the 
middle, covering the frame. Put a 4x1 vertically on the left edge of the frame, put a 2x1 horizontally on
the front wall on the left, repeat symmetrically on the back, and put a 2x1 vertically on the left edge. Put
a f2x1 on the front wall skipping one row from the left, put a f3x1 to the right. Put a f3x1 on top of the 2
pieces, skipping 2 buttons from the left. Repeat symmetrically at the back. Put a f2x1 vertically to the
right on the right edge. Put a f6x1 vertically on the left edge overhanging to the front and to the back. Put
a 2x1 horizontally on the front wall skipping the leftmost button, repeat symmetrically at the back. Put a
4x2 slide with 4 buttons to the right, and overhanging, slide to the right. Put a 2x1 on top of the 2x1 at
the front (horizontally) and to the right, repeat symmetrically at the back. Put a 1x2 vertically on the right
edge between the pieces. Put a 3x1 horizontally on the back wall. Repeat symmetrically at the back. Put
a f2x1 on the two left buttons (horizontally) of the pp, repeat symmetrically at the back, put a f4x1
vertically on the rightmost edge. Make a part: Take a 1x1 button and put a 1x1 candlestick on it, put
another 1x1 button on top. Repeat to make another such parts, (2 total. Put them on your structure, to
the left of the walls, on the free buttons, on the front and back. Put a f4x2 vertically on top, on the
candlesticks and the wall. Repeat to the right, ver. Make a part, (the gates for the disappearing box) take
a 2x1 put it horizontally on the table. Put a 1x1 with clasp on the left button clasp to the front, and put a
1x1 with handle to the right, handle to the back. Put a f2x1 horizontally on top and put a 1x1 wedge on
the left button slide to the left. Attach it to the right candlestick. Create a symmetrical part, and put it to
the left, slide to the right. These are the gates to the
disappearing box. You're done! Put the bunny in the disappearing
box, pull the handle, and then open the gates. He's gone!
In the back of the instructions are Advertisements for: Heartlake Pet Salon (41007), Rehearsal Stage,
(41004) Emma's Karate class, (41002) Mia's Magic Tricks (41001), Stephanie's Soccer Practice
(41011) Heartlake City Pool, (41008)
Enjoy!!
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.