76244 Miles Morales vs Morbius
Instructions adapted by Alastair Guild
Marvel fans will love this high-speed set featuring Miles Morales and vampire villain Morbius minifigures,
plus a host of authentic accessories and a super racer car. The car features 2 stud shooters at the front
and a large booster element at the back for when extra power is required. There’s also a large web
element for Miles Morales to ‘sling’ and a pair of bats to assist Morbius in his crooked plans.
What’s in the box?
- Includes 2 iconic minifigures, Miles Morales and Morbius, plus a souped-up car with 2 stud shooters and
a booster element at the rear
- Kids join Miles Morales in pursuit of villain Morbius in a high-speed adventure involving weapons and
web slinging
- A fun-packed birthday, holiday or any-day treat for kids aged 7 and up
- This versatile build-and-play toy measures over 2 inches (6 centimeters) high, 9 inches (23 centimeters)
long and 3.5 inches (9 centimeters) wide
- The front of the box shows the heroic Miles Morales driving a sportscar featuring his signature black and
red colour scheme. The car blasts blue flame from a booster at its rear as it speeds after the villainous
vampire Morbius, who flies just out of reach clutching a vial of red liquid and followed by two bats. The car
shoots electric-blue studs at the villain, who dodges them with ease. On the back of the box, Miles
Morales battles Morbius in the air, attempting to ensnare the vampire in blue webs as the car speeds
away.
- There are a total of 220 pieces in this set, and 78 steps.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to back.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/76244). As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers, or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
Bag 1 (11 groups of bricks)
Minifigure parts – legs, torso, head
Web accessory – Step 2
Second assembly – car: Steps 1-4, 5-8, 9-14, 15-24, 25-28, 29-35, 36-41, 42-46, 47-51
Bag 2 (7 groups of bricks)
Minifigure parts – legs, torso, head, two bats, two transparent clear cups, one transparent purple 1x1
round plate, one transparent purple 1x1 round tile.
Third assembly – car, continued: One transparent clear cup, one transparent red 1x1 round plate, one
transparent red 1x1 round tile and steps 52-54, 55-62, 63-65 (two loose yellow 1x2 plates, two
transparent orange 1x2 plates connected at 90 degrees to form a braille letter D), 65 (two transparent red
1x2 plates, two red 1x2 sloped tiles)-72, 73-76, 77-78
Construct the Miles Morales minifigure using the legs, torso, and head. Miles Morales wears a black suit
with the iconic spider symbol featured on his front and back in red. His muscles show clearly through the
suit. His face is masked to protect his identity, with a light grey web pattern over the black mask and large
blue eyeholes outlined with red.
Assemble Miles Morales’ web accessory as follows:
1. Locate the transparent clear bar with knob and connect a transparent blue 1x1 round plate with hole to
the stud. Then take a splayed web element and insert the bar into the round plate’s hole so that the
webbing splays away from the bar with knob.
2. Find the transparent blue cone piece and connect it to the web element by inserting the bar into the
hole in the narrower end of the cone. Connect another transparent blue 1x1 round plate with hole to the
cone.
3. Take a transparent blue large web piece and insert the center bar into the hole in the stud.
Miles Morales can hold the web assembly by connecting the bar with knob to his hand. When held, it
appears as though he is slinging a web from his hand, which he could be using to travel through the city
or to ensnare a criminal.
Now we can start on Miles Morales’ car!
1. Locate the dark grey 2x6 technic brick with axle holes and orient it vertically.
2. Next, connect two dark tan 1x3 plates horizontally on either side of the axle holes so they overhang to
the left by one stud. There should be an empty 2x2 of studs between the plates.
3. Take a dark grey 1x6 plate and connect it vertically beneath the overhanging studs from the last step so
that its ends are parallel with the front and back of the technic brick.
4. Find the black vehicle base and orient it horizontally. (This piece is 12 studs in length, with two 2x4
studded surfaces which protrude either side of a 4x6 section with a recessed 2x4 studded area.) Connect
the rightmost 2x3 of studs between the tan 1x3 plates from the previous step. The pieces should all line
up along the right edge.
5. Take two red 1x3 plates and orient them horizontally. Connect one to the front of the model so that it
covers the single stud to the left of the technic brick and the rightmost stud of the black chassis piece.
Connect the other piece in the same way on the far side of the model. 
6. Place a transparent blue 1x2 plate vertically to the right of the indent in the black vehicle base. There
should be three studs between it and the right end of the car.
7. Next, collect the steering wheel piece and orient it with the wheel facing left and connect it to the right
end of the indented area of the vehicle base. Then place a tan 1x2 sloped tile vertically to the left end of
the indented area with the slope facing right. The 2x2 studded area between these parts will act as the
driver’s seat. Soon, you will add more tan parts to create a luxurious leather interior.
8. Locate two tan 1x12 plates and orient them horizontally. Place them either side of the recessed area so
that they run the length of the vehicle.
9. Take two black 1x2 plates and orient them horizontally. Connect them symmetrically to the studs to the
left of the technic brick’s axle holes.
10. Find another two black 1x2 plates and this time orient them vertically. Connect them to the right studs
of the pieces from the previous step so that they connect to the 1x12 plates. The pieces should not
overhang the sides of the car. Then, locate a transparent blue 2x2 brick and place it one stud in from the
right horizontally and in the middle vertically.
11. Collect two yellow 1x2 bricks and place them horizontally on either side of the brick and one stud to
the right.
12. Next, take two turquoise 1x1 bricks and place them to the immediate left of the yellow bricks.
13. Place a tan 1x6 brick vertically to the left of the 1x1 bricks so that it spans the width of the vehicle.
14. Locate the red right wedge plate and orient it horizontally so that the narrow end of the wedge is to
the right. Connect it to the 1x3 of empty studs at the front and in the middle of the model so that the
wedge plate overhangs to the left by one stud. Then take the red left wedge plate and place it
symmetrically on the back of the model.
Now we can construct the rear of the car! We will build it as a separate part, so set aside what you’ve built
so far.
15. To start, take the black 4x6 plate and orient it horizontally.
16. Find four dark tan corner plates. Orient the first with the outside corner in the top right – the studs
should form the Braille lowercase letter D – and connect it to the front right of the 4x6 plate so that the
front stud of the corner plate overhangs in front of the larger plate by one stud. Orient the second corner
plate with the outside corner in the top left corner – the studs should form the Braille lowercase letter F –
and connect it to the immediate left of the previous piece, with the front stud overhanging to the front
again. The remaining two corner plates should be placed symmetrically along the back of the plate.
17. Locate two black 2x2 modified tiles with two studs. Place the first in the front left corner of the 4x6
plate so that the studs align with the 1x4 of studs formed by the corner plates and allow the smooth area
of the piece to overhang to the front. Connect the other modified tile symmetrically to the back of the
assembly. Take a yellow 2x2 plate and place it between the previous parts, one stud in from the left edge.
18. Flip the assembly upside down so that the studs face down and the black 2x2 modified tiles are still
on the left. Locate the 2x2 inverted tile and orient it with the studs facing down. Connect it to the assembly
in the middle of the 4x6 plate along the left edge. Return the assembly to its original orientation by flipping
it again, keeping the modified tiles on the left.
19. Take a 2x6 technic brick with axle holes and orient it vertically. Connect the assembly on top of the
piece so that the raised areas at the ends of the technic brick slot into the gaps between the corner
plates.
20. Find a black 1x2 plate with 1x4 side studs and orient it vertically. Connect it to the left end of the
assembly to the left of the yellow 2x2 plate.
21. Collect the light grey 2x2 hinge plate with top bump and orient it with the 1x2 studs vertical and to the
right. Connect the hinge plate on top of the 1x2 plate with 1x4 side studs from the previous step. Then,
place a dark grey 1x6 plate vertically to the right of the previous piece.
22. Finish the subassembly by finding a light grey hinge cylinder with two fingers and connecting it to the
top bump of the 2x2 hinge plate from the previous step. Once connected, hinge the piece to the left until
the axle hole points horizontally to the left.
23. Congratulations, we have now finished building the rear section of the sportscar! We can now join it to
the main body of the vehicle. Align the left end of the main build with the subassembly so that the
rightmost front and back studs of the subassembly are touching the red wedge plates on the front and
back of the main build. The left ends of the tan plates and black vehicle base should fit in the space
between the technic cross axle holes. Press on the chassis and the tan plates to connect the parts.
24.Take two red 1x3 plates and connect them horizontally to the right of the technic brick’s cross axles.
This serves to strengthen the connection between the assemblies.
25. Find a tan 2x2 sloped brick and place it to the left of the driver’s area with the slope facing right. The
right edge of the slope should be even with the left edge of the 1x2 sloped tile. In the 2x2 area of empty
studs to the left of the sloped brick, place a yellow 2x2 plate.
26. Place a tan 2x2 modified tile with two studs on top of the yellow 2x2 plate from the previous step so
that the studs lie against the sloped brick. Then, take a dark tan corner plate and orient it with the outside
corner in the top right so that it forms the braille letter D. Place it to the left of the modified tile from the
previous step, leaving one stud free in front of the plate. Collect a second dark tan corner plate and
connect it symmetrically. Locate two transparent light blue round 1x1 plates with holes and connect them
to the empty studs in front of and behind the corner plates.
27. Locate two black 2x3 plates and connect them horizontally to the right of the pieces from the previous
step. The plates should not overhang the sides of the model. Take two tan 2x2 modified tiles with two
studs and place them to the right of the previous parts with the studs horizontal and on the outside of the
vehicle.
28. Take two dark tan 1x3 plates and place them horizontally on top of the black 2x3 plates one stud in
from the outside edge of the car.
29. Let’s shift our attention to the driver’s area, where we can start to add some details and build up the
sides. Locate two light grey 1x1 plates with 1x2 side studs. Orient the first with the side studs facing you
and connect it to the front end of the tan 1x6 brick to the right of the steering wheel. Place the second
piece symmetrically.
30. Locate two black 1x2 sloped tiles and connect them to the side studs of the previous parts so that the
slopes face to the left.
31. Locate two tan 1x1 plates with single side stud and two light grey round 1x1 tiles decorated with dials.
The dials look like speedometers, with small lines spaced out in a ring and a red indicator hand. Connect
each tile to the side stud of a tan plate. Place the parts symmetrically on the tan 1x6 brick so that they lie
between the parts from the previous step and have a vertical 1x2 of studs between them.
32. Make a part: Locate a tan 1x2 brick with 2x2 side studs and place two black ingot pieces horizontally
across the side studs. Repeat to make a second part. Connect the parts horizontally to the left of the 1x2
sloped tiles on the sides of the model so that the black ingot pieces face away from the car.
33. Find two tan 1x1 bricks with two vertical side studs and place them to the left of the parts from the
previous step with the side studs facing out.
34. Collect two dark tan 1x2 bricks with two side studs and connect them to the left of the previous pieces
with the studs facing out.
35. Locate two 2x3 curved slopes with two studs and winged ends. Connect them horizontally to the side
studs on either side of the vehicle with the winged ends to the right.
It’s time for another subassembly. This time, we’ll be building a grill to add to the front of the vehicle!
36. Take a red mudguard element and orient it so that it slopes to the right.
37. Locate a black 5x2 bracket – this piece has a 2x2 and a 2x3 studded surface separated by a step.
Place the bracket horizontally on top of the mudguard element so that the lower 2x2 of studs connects to
the 2x2 of studs in the middle of the mudguard element. The rest of the piece should overhang to the left
of the mudguard.
38. Find a dark grey 1x6 plate and orient it vertically. Connect it to the black bracket’s left lower studs so
the plate overhangs the bracket vertically by two studs on either side. Then, take a black 1x2 plate and
place it vertically to the right of the dark grey plate.
39. Get another red mudguard element and connect it above the previous mudguard so it slopes to the
right.
40. Finish the part by placing a black 2x2 modified tile with two studs in the middle of the second
mudguard element so that the studs are vertical and to the right.
41. Connect the grille subassembly to the main model by slotting the left end of the subassembly into the
gap at the right end of the vehicle and pushing down. There should be no gap between the subassembly
and the main model.
42. Strengthen the connection between parts with a tan 2x3 plate connected horizontally to the right of
the steering wheel.
43. Let’s continue to build up the body of the car. Collect two black wheel arch elements and place them
to the right of the black 1x2 sloped tiles on the sides of the model. The axle holes of the technic brick
should lie directly below the middle of the arches.
(Note: steps 44 and 45 also cover step 46 in the printed instructions.)
44. Let’s build the car’s headlights. Make a part: Take a light grey 1x1 plate with two side studs and orient
it with the side studs facing right. Connect a black 1x2 plate to the side studs, covering them. Then locate
a black 1x1 plate with single side stud and connect it to the plate’s upper stud so that the side stud faces
you. Take a black 1x1 sloped tile and connect it to the previous piece so that the slope faces right. Finally,
take two transparent yellow quarter-circle tiles and connect them to the right-facing studs with the corners
of the tiles pointing up and away from you. Connect the part to the stud that lies between the front black
wheel arch piece and the red mudguard element. Finish by placing a transparent blue round 1x1 plate
with hole on top of the part.
45. Now we will make another part, this one being a mirrored version of the previous part. Take a light
grey 1x1 plate with two side studs and orient it with the side studs facing you. Connect a black 1x2 plate
to the side studs so that they are covered. Now locate a black 1x1 plate with single side stud and connect
it to the upper side stud of the part so that the piece’s single side stud points to the right. Find a black 1x1
sloped tile and connect it to the single side stud so that the slope faces towards you. Lastly, collect two 
transparent yellow quarter-circle tiles and connect them both to the studs facing you so that the corners
are in the upper-left. Connect the part to the stud that lies between the back black wheel arch and the red
mudguard in the middle of the model. Finish by placing a transparent blue round 1x1 plate with hole on
top of the part.
The front bumper now has a lot of character: the headlights resemble the multiple eyes of a spider, and
the grille has sharp overhangs which resemble fangs. This is definitely a spider-car!
(Note: we have absorbed step 46 in the printed instructions into steos 44 and 45 above, so the steps in
the printed instructions are now one number ahead of those here – step 50 in the print instructions is step
49 here, etc.)
46. Find a red 2x4 right wedge plate and orient it horizontally so that the wedge narrows from left to right.
Connect it to the studs above the winged curved slope in front of the driver’s area. Take a left 2x4 wedge
and connect it symmetrically to the other side. The pieces should not overhang to the left.
47. Next, locate a dark grey 1x2 tile with center stud and connect it vertically to the studs to the right of
the steering wheel. Then find a 2x2 corner tile with 45-degree cut. Orient the piece so the 45-degree cut
lies in the top left corner. Connect it below the previous piece so that it touches the right end of the red
wedge plate to the left. Take a second corner tile with 45-degree cut and place it symmetrically.
48. Take a black 2x6 plate and orient it vertically. Connect it to the right of the tiles placed in the last step.
The plate should lie between the upper studded areas of the wheel arches.
49. Locate another corner tile with 45-degree cut and orient it so the cut lies in the lower left. Place it so
that the lower left corner of the 2x6 plate occupies the inside of the corner. The corner plate should
connect to the front wheel arch. Take a second corner tile and place it symmetrically on the far side of the
car.
50. Take a black 1x1 tile and connect it immediately to the right of the front right corner of the black 2x6.
Place a second black 1x1 tile symmetrically on the far side. Then find the two black 2x2 pointed curved
wedges and orient them horizontally with the tip pointing right. Connect the wedges to the right of the tiles
so the outer edges lie parallel with the outside of the car.
Congratulations, you have finished the first bag! You’re more than halfway through the build.
Open bag 2.
Construct the Morbius minifigure using the minifigure legs, torso, head, and hair. Assemble the purple vial
by collecting a transparent goblet, a transparent purple 1x1 round plate, and a transparent purple 1x1
round tile. Insert the bottom of the round plate into the top of the goblet so the stud is facing out, then
cover the stud with the round tile. Flip the part upside down and you will have built a vial of mysterious
liquid! Repeat the steps to construct another vial, this time using transparent red parts in place of the
purple pieces (these parts are in the next group of bricks). Clip the vials into Morbius’ hands. Finish by
collecting a pair of bats to serve as his accomplices as he carries out his criminal schemes.
Morbius wears a black outfit with a red sash around his waist. His shirt is open, revealing his pale white
skin. His face is deeply lined, suggesting great age, and his eyes are bright red. The vampire has two
expressions: an evil smirk, and a monstrous howl.
We can now return to building Miles Morales’ car:
51. Let’s finish the hood of the sportscar. Locate a red curved wedge with cutout – this piece has two
smooth curved sections which lie either side of a 1x2 studded area. Orient the piece with the 1x2 studded
region vertical and to the left. Place the piece in the recessed area at the right end of the vehicle.
52. Next, take the black 2x4 curved slope piece with Spiderman logo and orient it so the slope curves
down to the right. This piece is decorated with Spiderman’s iconic symbol, a red spider on a silver web in
front of a black background. Place the slope on top of the previous piece with no overhang to the right.
The leftmost part of the piece should connect to the 2x6 plate to the left of the curved wedge with cutout.
Locate two red triangular tiles and connect them either side of the slope with the angled edges slanting
inwards from left to right. There should be a vertical 1x6 studded area to the left once the tiles are placed.
53. Take another pair of red triangular tiles and place them to the left of the previous pieces with the
angled edges again sloping inward from left to right. Each pair of triangles should form a rhombus. Place
a black 1x2 grille tile to the immediate left of the 2x4 curved slope with Spiderman logo. You have finished
building the hood of the car!
54. Let’s turn our attention to the rear of the vehicle. Locate two red wheel arches and place them to the
left of the red 2x4 wedge plates that sit on either side of the driver’s seat.
55. In the middle of each wheel arch is a 2x2 studded area. One stud to the right and in from the vehicle’s
sides, there should be a vertical 1x6 space. Place a tan 1x6 brick in this space.
56. Take two red 1x1 tiles and place them on the studs directly behind and in front of the 1x6 brick from
the previous step.
57. Place a grey 1x2 brick horizontally behind the front wheel arch and another in front of the back wheel
arch.
58. Next, locate a black 1x6 plate and place it vertically between the red 1x1 tiles so that it covers the tan
1x6 brick. Then take two black 1x2 plates and connect them vertically to the immediate left of the 1x6
plate, leaving a 1x2 space between them.
59. Collect four black 1x2 slopes with stud cutout – these pieces have a 45-degree slope with a single
stud behind the slope. Place one slope vertically on top of the 1x2 plate from the previous step so that the
slope faces out from the car, then place a second slope to its immediate right in the same configuration.
Connect the other two slopes similarly on the opposite side of the model.
60. Take two black grille tiles and connect them across the studs of each pair of slopes. In the space
between the two rightmost slopes, place a red 1x2x1 bar tile so that the bar is slightly to the right.
61. We will now build some accessories to store in the car’s trunk. Take a grey tap piece and connect it to
the stud on top of a yellow 1x1 round brick to create a yellow canister. Repeat the previous step, this time
using a teal 1x1 round brick. Connect the canisters to the model by locating the studs to the left and
below the bar tile and between the grille tiles placed earlier. The canisters may contain fuel, or spray
paint, or perhaps they are key to stopping Morbius’ evil plan – you decide!
62. Now we can build the support for the sportscar’s spoiler. Collect two 2x4 Technic L-beams, which feel
like a print letter L. Orient them with the long sides horizontal and the outside corner of each L in the lower
left. Connect the L-beams with a black Technic pin inserted into the corner of the L-beams. You should
now have a double-thick L-beam. Next, find two blue Technic 1-long axle with pin pieces – these parts
have a one-stud long axle at one end and a Technic pin at the other. Insert them into the axle holes at the
right end of each L-beam so that the pins jut out to either side. Finally, take two 1x1 Technic bricks with
pinholes and connect them to the pin ends of the previous pieces. Orient the Technic bricks so that the
studs face up. Join the part to the main model by connecting the technic bricks between the wheel arches
to the left of the trunk. We will return to finish the spoiler soon.
63. Locate two black 1x2 bricks with 2x2 side studs and connect them to the horizontal 1x2 of studs to the
left of the Technic bricks with pinholes from the previous step so that the side studs face away from the
vehicle.
64. Make two identical parts: stack a light yellow, a transparent orange, and a transparent red 1x2 plate
on top of one another. (These parts are organised as follows: the two yellow plates are loose in the
present group of bricks, the two orange plates are connected together to form a braille letter D, and the
two red plates are loose in the next group of bricks.) Then add a red 1x2 sloped tile on top. These parts
form the rear lights of the car. Connect them vertically to the right pair of side studs on the previous
pieces so that the slopes face left.
65. Take two red 1x2x1 bar tiles and connect each to the empty side studs so that the bars are slightly to
the right. The bar tiles frame the rear lights, making them appear recessed into the car.
66. Find two red 3x3 quarter-circle plates and connect them on either side of the Technic beams with the
rounded edges on the outside. The studded surfaces in this area should now all be at the same height.
67. Locate a black 2x4 left wedge sloped wedge brick – this piece has three sloping faces and one stud at
the top. Oriented the piece horizontally with the stud in the back right corner – the wedge should narrow
to the left. Place the wedge brick in front of the Technic beams. The stud on top of the brick should lie to
the immediate left of a grille tile. Then take a black 2x4 right sloped wedge brick and place it
symmetrically on the opposite side.
68. A superhero’s car has to have defences, and Miles Morales sportscar is no different! Let’s build a pair
of stud shooters. Locate a silver-grey stud shooter element and a dark grey trigger piece – the shooter
element is three studs long with a stud at one end, and the trigger piece is very small and has no studs or
bars. Orient the shooter element horizontally with the stud to the left. Orient the trigger piece horizontally
with the thicker end to the left and the circular part below the elbow. Insert the trigger into the gap in the
top of the shooter element and push down until you feel it click into place. Place a transparent light blue
1x1 plate on the stud. Finally, take a dark grey 1x2 45-degree slope with cutout and no stud and orient it
horizontally with the slope facing right and connect it to the part. Add the stud shooter to the vehicle by
connecting it to the horizontal 1x3 of studs directly above the left wheel arch so that the slope is on the
left. There should be one empty stud to the left of the slope. Repeat the preceding steps to create a
second stud shooter and attach it symmetrically to the opposite side of the vehicle.
The stud shooters accept 1x1 round plates with holes, and four transparent blue 1x1 round plates with
holes are included as ammunition. The launchers can send the projectiles quite far, so be careful when
using the stud shooters – not only is it possible to hurt someone with them, but it is also possible to lose
your pieces!
69. Now we will focus on the car’s exhaust. Rotate the car ninety degrees about its vertical axis so that
the stud shooters are pointing away from you. In the lower center of the car, below the Technic beams, is
a horizontal 1x4 of side studs. Connect a black 1x2 grille tile to the middle two studs. Take four light grey
1x1 round plates with holes and stack them in pairs to make two parts, then connect them to the studs on
either side of the grille tile.
70. Next, find two transparent light blue long and narrow web effect parts with bars on each end and
insert the bars into the stacked 1x1 plates with holes.
71. Finally, take the large transparent light blue sword and orient it horizontally with the axle connector to
the right and the jagged edge pointing upward. Insert the axle into the axle hole directly above the grille
tile. The car now looks as if it is spitting electric-blue fire from its exhaust.
72. We can finally finish the spoiler! Make two identical parts: insert a black Technic pin into the pinhole of
a black 2x2 plate with pinhole and orient it horizontally with the pin protruding to the right. Take two red
1x2 slopes with cutout and no stud and attach them horizontally to the left column of studs on the black
plate. Once you have built the parts, connect them to the model by inserting them into the exposed
pinholes of the Technic beams. You may need to swing the technic beams up a little to be able to do this. 
73. Complete the spoiler by bridging the gap between the parts with a red 2x4 tile. The spoiler can be
raised and lowered or tilted.
74. Rotate the car ninety degrees about its vertical axis so that the spoiler and exhaust are to the right.
Locate a red 3x4 stepped wedge with no studs – this piece is smooth with three curved steps. Orient the
piece so that the steps go down from left to right. Place the part above the trunk, to the left of the spoiler,
so that it aligns with the bar tile. Note that this piece is only loosely connected by the studs on top of the
two black wedge slopes, meaning it can be easily removed to allow access to the trunk.
75. Collect the transparent red windscreen element and orient it horizontally so that the 1x2 of studs is
oriented vertically to the right. Place the windscreen so that it lies to the immediate left of the stepped
wedge. The windscreen’s front should connect to the single center stud to the right of the grille plate at
the right of the hood. The windscreen is connected loosely so it is easy to remove and replace.
76. Finish the car by adding the wheels: take four tan 1-long axle with pin pieces and insert the axle ends
into the axle holes under the wheel arches. Assemble the wheels by inserting the wheel rims into the
tires. Each wheel rim has a stud on one side and a pinhole on the other – the pinhole is larger than the
stud’s hole. Connect the wheels to the vehicle by pushing the wheels onto the pins under the wheel
arches.
Congratulations, you have finished building Miles Morales’ sportscar! Our hero’s transport is a striking
vehicle sporting an aggressive front grill and an angular yet aerodynamic body. It is unmatched for speed
and power, spitting blue fire from its exhaust as it rips through the streets.
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us! 