40521 Mini Disney The Haunted Mansion
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
Fans of Disney’s The Haunted Mansion ride will love all the scary-good details in this miniature build-anddisplay model. Part of the interior is viewable from the back, including the dining room, a chandelier and a
gallery. The set includes an exclusive Butler minifigure to add to the display. Fans will recognize paintings
of the Hitchhiking Ghosts, Madame Leota and the Gravekeeper. This buildable set makes a perfect gift
for miniature collectors and Disney fans of all ages.
Collectible construction set:
- Features a miniature display model of Disney’s The Haunted Mansion ride, complete with an exclusive
Butler minifigure
Give as a gift:
- A gift for LEGO® fans, miniature collectors and Disney fans aged 8 and up
Display piece:
- Standing over 5 in. (14 cm) high, 4 in. (12 cm) wide and 4 in. (12 cm) deep, this 680-piece model
features details including a chandelier and sticker paintings for the gallery
The front of the box shows the Haunted Mansion, with a creepy backdrop! Black bats glide in front of the
full moon, which hangs in a dark sky. Clouds of mist shroud skeletal tree limbs. A wrought iron fence
stands behind the mansion, and a gravestone stands to the right of the mansion. The gravestone reads
“haunting, grinning, and socializing” and shows a dove surrounded by decorative leaves. The mansion
towers front and center. Four large white columns at the front are the immediate center of attention,
stretching from the ground to the second floor. The two main floors are white, with all around decks,
which have a dull, gray-green facade with arches all around. A gray slate roof covers the wings of the
house, while a cylindrical room tops the mansion. Four reddish brown chimneys extend above the
roofline. A butler stands outside the house. He wears dark blue pants, and a light blue jacket over a
purple striped waistcoat. His expression is dour, and his hand is raised…is he waving you in? Or maybe
he’s trying to warn you away?
The top of the box has a life sized image of the butler minifigure. The left side of the box shows a front
view of the mansion without the creepy background.
The back of the box shows the back of the mansion over a dark sky. Bats fly past the house, and the full
moon glows. The back of the mansion is open, and reveals scenes from the iconic ride at Disneyland!
The paintings mentioned in the description are there! There are two interior levels, a chandelier, a table
with a feast, and candles! Micro-sized white minifigures stand in the interior. These might be guests
visiting the attraction…or they might be the more permanent residents! There is an inset image, showing
a closer view of the painting, showing the three hitchhiking ghosts, the gravekeeper, and Madam Leota.
The build is 680 pieces, and 121 building steps.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/40478) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with two bags labeled 1, two bags labeled 2, two bags labeled 3, three bags
labeled 4, a sticker sheet, and an instruction booklet. There are stickers to put onto pieces in steps 45,
and 87. If you want to use the stickers, they should be put on as you or your friend sort the pieces! Sort
the pieces into groups as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the same brick in
a step, the colors will be split across two groups to make telling the difference easier for the builder!
LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group away from
the rest, in case you need them later.
Bags labeled 1 (5 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 1 contains the pieces to build the butler minifigure.
Main Build:
Group A contains 9 brown 2x4 plates, 1 sand green 1x2 plate, 2 brown 1x4 tiles, and 1 white 2x3 plate.
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-3.
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 4-8.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 9-12 and three sand green 1x1 plates from steps 15 and 16.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 13-17.
Bags labeled 2 (9 groups of bricks)
Group B contains 18 dark green 1x1 plates.
Group C contains 15 clear 1x1 plates.
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 18-19, stack the two white 1x1 bricks, but leave the sand green 1x1
bricks unstacked.
Group 6 contains the pieces for step 20.
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 21-26.
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 27-33.
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 34-38.
Group 10 contains the pieces for steps 39-43.
Group 11 contains the pieces for steps 44-48. Stack the 1x1 round plates from step 46 in this order from
top to bottom: two black, one green with flower petals, one gold, and one red with flower petals. Place the
1x2 tiles with stickers (vertically long) from step 45 onto the 1x4 plate (horizontally long) from step 46, so
the top of the portrait is attached to the 1x4 plate, and the stickers are in order from left to right: 5, 3, 1.
The right stud of the 1x4 plate should not have a tile on it.
Group 12 contains the pieces for steps 49-52.
Bags labeled 3 (11 groups of bricks)
Group D contains 18 dark green 1x1 plates.
Group E contains 13 clear 1x1 plates.
Group F contains 8 light brown 1x1 bricks
Group 13 contains the pieces for steps 53-56.
Group 14 contains the pieces for step 57.
Group 15 contains the pieces for steps 58-63.
Group 16 contains the pieces for steps 64-70.
Group 17 contains the pieces for steps 71-75.
Group 18 contains the pieces for steps 76-79.
Group 19 contains the pieces for steps 80-83.
Group 20 contains the pieces for steps 84-91. Place the 1x2 tiles with the stickers, vertically long, from
step 87, so the top of the portrait is attached to the candelabra piece, and the stickers are in order from
left to right: 4, 2. The right stud of the candelabra should not have a tile on it.
Bags labeled 4 (10 groups of bricks)
Group G contains 16 dark green 1x1 plates.
Group H contains 8 clear green 1x1 plates.
Group 21 contains the pieces for steps 92-99.
Group 22 contains the pieces for steps 100-102, and a tan 1x4 plate from step 103.
Group 23 contains the pieces for steps 103-105.
Group 24 contains the pieces for step 106.
Group 25 contains the pieces for step 107, and four white 1x1 slope tiles from step 108, and two light
gray 2x2 plates from step 109.
Group 26 contains the pieces for steps 108-110.
Group 27 contains the pieces for steps 111-112.
Group 28 contains the pieces for steps 113-114, and a light gray 4x4 dish from step 120.
Group 29 contains the pieces for steps 115-121.
Building Instructions:
Open bag 1.
Sub-build 1 - Butler Minifigure
Assemble the butler minifigure by placing the fabric coattails over the legs, then placing the head onto the
torso and the torso onto the legs. The coattails have a row of four holes. Place the middle two holes onto
the leg studs, with the pointed tails on the side opposite from the feet. Fold the tails down, then push the
other holes over the nearest leg stud. This should cause the tails to hang close to the backside of the
legs, and form a small triangle on the side of the legs.
Main Build - Mini Disney Haunted Mansion
Open group 1, and group A. Don’t mix the groups together. Group A contains 9 brown 2x4 plates which
are separated out because you’ll use them for a few steps which have other colors of the same size plate.
We’ll start building the mansion by building the base, then building on top of it!
1. Find two black 8x8 plates. Place these next to each other so they form an 8x16 rectangle, horizontally
long. We’ll attach them in the next step.
2. Find three black 1x8 tiles, two black 1x4 tiles, and two black 1x3 tiles. Place a 1x8 tile horizontally long,
in the back row of the previous two pieces, centered horizontally. Place a 1x4 tile horizontally long to the
left of the previous piece. Place a 1x3 tile vertically long, in front of the previous piece on the left column
of the base. Place a 1x8 tile vertically long in front of the previous piece. Repeat the last three pieces
symmetrically on the right side of the build. There should be a tile border around the pieces from the last
step, and the 1x8 tiles should overhang four studs to the front at the left and right sides.
We’ll start outlining the mansion’s wall now!
3. Find a white 2x3 plate, two brown 2x4 plates, and a brown 1x2 plate. Place the 1x2 plate vertically long
on the front two studs in the rightmost column, just to the left of a 1x8 tile. Place the 2x3 plate vertically
long, directly behind the previous piece. Place a 2x4 plate horizontally long, behind the previous piece.
Place another 2x4 plate horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece. There should be six exposed
studs between the previous piece and the tiles at the left border of the base.
Open group 2.
4. Find two black 2x6 plates, a sand green 1x2 plate, and two brown 2x3 plates. Place a 2x3 plate
vertically long, in front of the left two columns of the previous piece. There should be two exposed studs
between this piece and the front of the base. Place another 2x3 plate horizontally long, to the left of the
front to studs of the previous piece. There should be three exposed studs to the left of the previous piece
and the tile at the left border of the base. Place a sand green plate on the third and fourth studs in the
third column to the left of the tile border at the right of the base. It should be next to the two front left studs
of a 2x3 plate. Find the two tiles which extend in front of the base. Place a 2x6 plate, horizontally long,
under the left studs, directly in front of the 8x8 plates which make up the base, aligned with the left edge.
Place the other 2x6 plate symmetrically on the right side of the build.
5. Find two brown 2x4 plates, a blue 2x4 plate, and a brown 1x4 tile. Place the 1x4 tile vertically long, on
the left column of exposed studs, aligned with the front of the 2x6 plates from the previous step. Place a
brown 2x4 plate vertically long to the right of the previous piece. Place a blue 2x4 plate vertically long, to
the right of the previous piece. Place a brown 2x4 plate vertically long, on the second and third columns
of exposed studs from the right, aligned with the front.
6. Find two black 6x6 rounded corner plates. Place one in front of the left 2x6 plate from step 4, with the
curved corner at the front left. Repeat the other piece symmetrically on the right side of the build. There
should be a 4x8 gap in the middle of the base.
7. Find a black 1x8 tile, a black 2x8 plate, and two black 4x4 rounded corner tiles. This tile is cut out so it
looks like a macaroni noodle, I’ll call it a “4x4 macaroni tile” from now on. Put the 4x8 plate vertically long,
in the gap between the two sides. Place the 1x8 tile horizontally long, on the front row of the base,
centered horizontally. Place a macaroni tile on each curved corner, aligned with the corner. The base
should now have a tile border all the way around and aligned with the edges.
8. Find one blue 2x4 plate and two brown 2x3 plates. Place a 2x3 plate horizontally long, in front of the
right 2x4 plate from step 5, extending to the left, leaving one stud between the right end of the plate and
the tile border. Place a 2x4 plate horizontally long to the left of the previous piece. Place a 2x3 plate
horizontally long to the left of the previous piece. There should be a 4x6 horizontally long, recessed area
behind the pieces in this step.
Open group 3
9. Find a sand green 2x6 plate, a brown 1x4 tile, and a brown 2x4 plate. Place the 2x6 plate horizontally
long, behind the previous pieces, skipping one row, in the recessed area behind the pieces from the
previous step. Place a 2x4 plate horizontally long, in front of the pieces from the previous step,
horizontally centered on the previous pieces. There should be four exposed studs to the right of the
previous piece. Place a 1x4 tile horizontally long, in front of the previous piece. This tile should touch the
base’s tile border.
10. Find a brown 1x4 plate and three brown 2x3 plates. Place a 2x3 plate vertically long, on the back right
studs. Place a 1x4 plate vertically long in front of the previous piece, against the right border. Place a 2x3
plate vertically long, even with the first 2x3 from this step, skipping over four studs to the left. It should be
aligned with the outline of the mansion’s walls. Place another 2x3 plate horizontally long, directly in front
of the previous piece, extending one column past the previous piece to the left.
11. Find four brown 2x4 plates, a blue 2x4 plate, and a light brown 1x6 plate. Place a brown 2x4 plate
vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, extending two rows past the previous piece to the front.
Place another brown 2x4 plate vertically long, in front of the previous piece. Place a 1x6 plate horizontally
long, to the right of the second row from the front of the previous piece. Place a brown 2x4 plate vertically
long to the right of the previous piece, aligned with the front of the walls. Place a blue 2x4 vertically long,
behind the previous piece. Place a brown 2x4 plate, horizontally long, on the back two rows on the right
side. It should go between two vertically long 2x3 plates.
12. Find seven brown 1x2 plates, and two brown 2x2 tiles.
12.1. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long, in front of the left two studs of the 1x6 plate from the previous
step. Place a 1x2 plate vertically long, in front of the right stud of the previous piece. Place a 1x2 plate
horizontally long, to the right of the front stud of the previous piece. Place a 1x2 plate vertically long, with
its front stud to the right of the right stud of the previous piece. Place another 1x2 plate horizontally long,
with its left stud behind the back stud of the previous piece. There should be a 2x2 square at the center of
these pieces. Put a 2x2 tile in this square.
12.2. Find the vertically long 1x4 tile just to the right of the tile border on the left side of the base. Place a
2x2 tile, centered vertically, on the 2x4 plate to the right of the 1x4 tile. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long,
in front of and behind the previous piece. You should have three sand green 1x1 plates left over after this
group.
Open group 4.
13. We’re going to start building the base for the walls! We’ll start at the back, with the opening for
viewing the inside of the mansion. Find a white 1x4 tile, two white 1x2 tiles, and two white 1x2 concave
slopes. Place a concave slope on the back right studs, horizontally long, sloping down to the left. Place a
1x2 tile vertically long, in front of the previous piece, touching the tile border. Place a 1x4 tile horizontally
long to the left of the concave slope. Place another concave slope horizontally long, to the left of the
previous piece, sloping down to the right. Place a 1x2 tile vertically long, in front of the left stud of the
previous piece.
14. The method for attaching the windows uses a combination of a 1x2 tile, and a 1x1 plate. So when you
see 1x1 plates next to a tile, know that a window will be attached using the plate, and will overhang the
tile. Find three white 1x1 plates and two white 1x2 tiles. Place a 1x1 plate in front of the right 1x2 tile from
the previous step. Place a 1x2 tile vertically long, in front of the previous piece. Place a 1x1 plate in front
of the previous piece. Place a 1x2 tile vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, extending one stud
past it to the front. Place a 1x1 plate in front of the previous piece.
15. Find a white 1x4 tile, a white 1x6 tile, and two sand green 1x1 plates. Place a 1x1 plate in front of the
previous piece, one stud to the left, so only the corners of the pieces touch. Place a 1x6 tile horizontally
long, to the left of the previous piece. Place a 1x1 plate to the left of the previous piece. Place a 1x4 tile
vertically long, behind the previous piece.
16. Find a reddish brown 4x6 plate, a white 1x2 tile, a sand green 1x1 plate, and two sand green 1x1
circular plates. Place a circular plate to the left of the front stud of the previous piece, and another to the
left of the back stud. Place a 4x6 plate horizontally long, between the two vertical 1x2 tiles at the back of
the build that form the sides of the viewing window (from step 13). It should touch the concave slopes
from step 13. Place a 1x2 tile horizontally long, to the left of the front row of the previous piece. Place a
1x1 plate behind the right stud of the previous piece.
17. Find 10 sand green 1x2 plates with rounded ends. Place one horizontally long, to the left of the
previous piece.
17.1. Place one vertically long, to the left of the previous piece, extending one stud to the front. There
should be a 1x1 circular plate in front of the previous piece. Place another plate with rounded ends
horizontally long, to the left of this circular plate.
17.2. The previous piece should have a 2x2 tile in front of it. Place another plate with rounded ends
horizontally long, in front of the 2x2 tile. There should be a 1x1 round plate to the right of this piece. Place
another plate with rounded ends vertically long in front of this circular plate.
17.3. Place another horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece. Place another vertically long, to
the right of the previous piece, extending one stud towards the front.
17.4. The previous piece should be a 2x2 tile to the right of it. Place another plate with rounded ends
vertically long, to the right of the 2x2 tile. Place another horizontally long, to the right of the back stud of
the previous piece. Place another vertically long to the right of the previous piece, with one stud extending
behind it.
Open Bag 2
Open group 5, group B and group C. Don’t mix the groups together. Group B contains 18 dark green 1x1
plates, and group C contains 15 clear 1x1 plates. These are separated like this because we’ll use them in
the same step to create the windows with their dark green shutters! Group 5 has four 1x1 bricks stacked
together, leave them stuck together for right now!
18. Find two sand green 1x1 bricks; note there are white 1x1 bricks in this group as well, but those are
stacked together, so find the two that are not stacked. Stack them on top of each other. Place this in front
of the right stud on the 4x6 plate from step 16.
19. Now we’re going to start raising the walls and putting in lots of windows! The windows in Disney’s
Haunted Mansion have large, dark green shutters which open on either side. LEGO represents that by
having three plates on their sides, green, then clear, then green again! Find four clear 1x1 plates, four
white 1x2 plates, four 1x2 tiles, four 1x1x2 bricks with a row of two studs on one side, four white 1x1
bricks, and eight dark green 1x1 plates. We’ll use these to make four first-story windows!
19.1. Place a 1x1x2 brick with side studs in front of you, with the side studs at the right. Place a 1x1 brick
on the bottom side stud.
19.2. Stack three plates in this order from bottom to top: dark green, clear, dark green. Place this
assembly on the top side stud.
19.3. Place a 1x2 plate onto pieces from the previous step, and place a tile on the plate. Keeping the stud
on the top, rotate the window so the tile is at the back. Make four windows this way. This is a building
method known as “SNOT,” which stands for “Studs Not On Top.”
19.4. Find the 1x2 tile and 1x1 plate to the left of the 4x6 plate from step 16. Place a window onto the
plate. The sideways portion of the window should extend back over the tile! Place another window in the
same way on to the right of the 4x6 plate. Place another in front of the second window. Now, place the
fourth window in front of the stack of 1x1 bricks from step 18.
Open group 6.
20. Find twenty two sand green 1x1 circular plates. This should be all of group 6; don’t worry! This won’t
be too bad. Place one circular plate onto every stud of the 1x2 plates with rounded ends from step 17,
and the two 1x1 circular plates mentioned in steps 17.1 and 17.2.
Open group 7.
21. Now it’s time to build some corner windows! These work on the same principle as the normal
windows. Find a white 1x1 brick and a white 1x1 brick with a stud on two sides. Put the brick with side
studs on the 1x1 brick and place it in front of you, with side studs at the front and the right.
22. Find four dark green 1x1 plates and two clear 1x1 plates. Make two stacks of three: dark green, clear,
and then green. Place one stack on each side stud from the previous step.
23. Find a white 1x2 plate, two clear 1x1 tiles and a white 1x1 brick. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long, in
front of you and put a clear tile on each stud. These clear tiles will be part of the side entrance! Place a
1x1 brick under the left stud. Rotate this assembly so the brick is at the bottom, and the tiles are at the
front. Attach it to the window on the front side stud from step 22.
24. Find a white 1x2 plate, a white 1x2 tile and a white 1x1 brick. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long, in
front of you and place the tile on top. Place a 1x1 brick under the left stud. Rotate this assembly so the
brick is at the bottom, and the tile is at the right. Attach it to the window on the right side stud from step
22.
25. On the base, find the window on the left side of the build. There should be a horizontal 1x2 tile in front
of the window, with a recessed stud to the left of it. Keeping its orientation, place the corner of the window
into the side stud. The right edge of the window should be aligned with the right side of the existing
window.
26. Find two light gray 1x2x2 tall bricks, and a sand green 1x2 plate with rounded ends. Place the plate
with rounded ends on top of one tall brick. Place this tall brick vertically long, to the right of the corner
window, extending one stud to the front. The top of the 1x2 plate with rounded ends should be aligned
with the top of the window. Place the other tall brick to the right of the first one, vertically long, on the left
side of the right wall, centered vertically on the wall.
Open group 8.
27. Now we’ll build another corner window! Find a sand green 1x1 plate, and a white 1x1 plate with a row
of two studs sticking up from one side. Place the plate with side studs in front of you, with the side studs
at the left. Place the 1x1 plate onto the upward facing stud.
28. Find a white 1x1 brick with a side stud. Place it on the previous piece, with the side stud at the front.
29. Find a white 1x1 brick. Place it on the bottom side stud.
30. Find four dark green 1x1 plates and two clear 1x1 plates. Make two windows by stacking these three
together: dark green, clear, and then green. Place one stack on the side stud above the previous piece,
place the other on the side stud facing the front.
31. Find two white 1x2 plates, a white 1x2 tile, and two clear 1x1 plates.
31.1. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long in front of you. Place another on top.
31.2. Place two clear 1x1 plates on the previous piece. These will form half of the main entry door!
31.3. Place a 1x2 tile on top of the previous piece. Rotate this so the tile is at the left, and the assembly is
tall. Attach it to the window at the front from step 30.
32. Find a white 1x1 brick, a white 1x2 tile, and two clear 1x1 tiles. These clear tiles form the other half of
the side entrance!
32.1. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long in front of you.
32.2. Place a tile over each stud.
32.3. Place a 1x1 brick under the right stud of the 1x2 plate. Rotate the assembly so the tiles are at the
front and the brick is at the bottom. Attach it to the window at the front from step 30. Keeping the top stud
upright, rotate the window assembly so the longer side is at the right, and the shorter side is at the back.
33. Attach this window in front of the last corner window. It should touch the circular plates at the front
and left sides, and the last corner window at the back. Where these walls touch is the side entry! Only the
front right wall of the mansion should be missing, we’ll work on that next!
Open group 9.
34. Find a sand green 1x1 plate, and a white 1x1 plate with a row of two studs sticking up from one side.
Place the plate with side studs in front of you, with the side studs at the left. Place the 1x1 plate onto the
upward facing stud.
35. Find two white 1x1 bricks. Place one on the previous piece, and one on the bottom side stud.
36. Find two dark green 1x1 plates and a clear 1x1 plate. Make a window by stacking these together:
dark green, clear, and then green. Place the window on the top side stud.
37. Find two white 1x2 plates, a white 1x2 tile, and two clear 1x1 plates.
37.1. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long in front of you. Place another on top.
37.2. Place two clear 1x1 plates on the previous piece. These two plates will form the other half of the
main entry door!
37.3. Place a 1x2 tile on top of the previous piece. Rotate this so the tile is on the left, and the assembly
is tall. Attach it to the window at the left from step 36.
38. Attach this to the right of the previous window piece. It should be on a white 1x6 tile, and there should
be a 1x1 plate at the far right which the brick attaches to. This window piece should touch the previous
window piece on the left. The main entry door is now facing forward, with a 2x2 tile in front of it! A row of
four studs in front of the tile will be the mounting location for the columns at the entrance! Rotate the
mansion 180 degrees so the doors are at the back.
Open group 10.
39. Find a white 1x2x3 tall brick. Place this, horizontally long, in front of the doors we just placed (so that
it’s inside the mansion walls).
of the place where the last two window pieces meet. There should be a 2x2 tile on the back side of the
windows in line with the tall brick.
40. Find a white 3x3 plate, a white 1x8 plate, and three white 2x2 corner plates. Place the 1x8 plate
horizontally long, across the wall at the back, aligned with the left and right sides. Place a corner plate in
front of the right two studs of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter J. Place a 3x3 plate in front
of the previous piece, extending one stud to the left. Place a corner plate in front of the 1x8 plate, oriented
like a Braille letter H, extending one stud to the left so it’s aligned with the left wall. Place another corner
plate in front of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter F.
41. Find two white 2x2 corner plates and a white 1x6 plate. Place the 1x6 plate vertically long on the
plates from the previous step, at the right end of the wall. Skip a stud and place a corner plate to the left
of the previous piece, on the back row of the wall, oriented like a Braille letter F. It should attach the 1x8
plate from step 40 to the 1x2x3 tall brick from step 39. Attach a corner plate to the left of the previous
piece, oriented like a Braille letter D.
42. Find three tan 1x2 bricks with a log pattern. Place one horizontally long, on the back row of the 4x6
plate in between the two walls at the front of the build, up against the left wall. There should be three
exposed rows of studs in front of it. Place two more to the right of the first, in a horizontal row.
43. Find three white 1x1 bricks with a side stud, and three light brown 1x1 bricks. Place a light brown
brick on the far right stud of the previous pieces. Place a white brick with a side stud to the left of the
previous piece, with the stud at the front. Repeat these two studs all the way across the pieces from the
previous step, alternating pieces. The far left piece should be a 1x1 brick with a stud on the side. This is
the dining room window wall!
Open group 11. There is a stack of circular plates, and a plate with some tiles attached to it in this group.
Leave these together for now.
44. Find a light brown 1x6 plate, a white 2x4 plate, and a yellow 2x3 plate. Place the 1x6 plate
horizontally long, on top of the previous pieces. Place the 2x4 plate vertically long, behind the left two
studs of the previous piece. Place the 2x3 plate vertically long to the right of the 1x6 plate, aligned with
the front. It should touch another 1x6 plate on its right.
45. Find three brown 1x2 tiles with stickers 1, 3, and 5. These should be attached to a 1x4 plate from the
next step, just to keep them in order. These are miniature versions of some of the portraits of ghosts from
the actual haunted mansion in Disneyland! All of the portraits have a purple background, with a light
green painting on them.
45.1. Place the 1x4 plate with tiles in front of you, horizontally long, with a stud exposed at the right. Take
the right tile off. This portrait shows Madame Leota, who is a medium, and also a disembodied head in a
crystal ball! Madame Leota’s portrait hangs on the right side stud on the dining room wall, oriented so it is
tall, and hangs down to the floor.
45.2. Take off the next tile to the left. This shows one of the hitchhiking ghosts, an old man with a beard.
Place the old man’s portrait on the middle side stud on the dining room wall, so it’s tall and hangs down to
the floor.
45.3. Take off the far left tile. Set the 1x4 plate aside until the next step. This portrait shows another
hitchhiking ghost, a pleasant looking man with a tall hat. Place his portrait on the left side stud, also
hanging down to the floor.
46. Now we’ll build the dining room table. Find the stack of five 1x1 round plates, a tan 1x4 plate, and a
transparent orange flame. The round plates are stacked with the first ones you’ll use on top. 
46.1. Place the 1x4 plate horizontally long in front of you. This will be the tabletop. Take two black 1x1
circular plates from the top of the stack and put them under the left and right studs from the previous
piece. These are the legs of the table.
46.2. Take a green 1x1 circular plate with flower petals from the top of the stack. Place this on the left
stud of the table. Take the gold 1x1 circular plate from the top of the stack. Place this on the second stud
from the right on the table.
46.3. Place a red 1x1 circular plate with flower petals on the green one from the previous step. That
should be the last piece from the stack. Place the flame into the hole on top of the circular gold plate from
the previous step.
46.4. Place the table, horizontally long, into the dining room, centered vertically and horizontally on the
floor of the room. There should be one stud exposed all the way around the table.
47. Find three white 1x1 round plates with a micro-figure on them. Place these in the front row of the
dining room, one on the left stud, one on the right, and one on the third stud from the left. These might be
guests to the mansion, or they might be ghosts!
48. Find two white 1x1 bricks. Find the two concave slopes at the front corners of the dining room and
place the 1x1 bricks on them.
Open group 12.
49. Now we’ll start extending the house upwards! Find a white 1x1 brick, a white 1x6 brick, a white 1x4
brick, and a sand green 1x1 plate. Place the 1x6 brick vertically long, on the left wall of the dining room,
aligned with the front. Place the 1x1 brick behind the previous piece. Place the 1x4 brick vertically long,
on the right dining room wall, aligned with the front. Place the 1x1 plate behind the previous piece. The
previous piece should be even with the top of the 1x4 brick.
50. Rotate the mansion 180 degrees, so the dining room is at the back. Find two sand green 1x2 tiles and
two sand green 1x1 tiles. Locate the 2x2 tile in front of the mansion, at the main entry. Place a 1x2 tile
vertically long, on the circular tiles on the left and right sides of the tile. These make the low handrails
leading up to the entry! Locate the 2x2 tile on the left side of the mansion, by the side entry, then find the
two exposed studs to the right of the tile. Place a 1x1 tile on the circular plates in front of, and behind
these two studs, up against the left wall of the building. There should be two exposed circular plates to
the left of each tile.
51. Find 8 sand green 1x2x2 arched window panels. These will form the copper walls of the first story
deck and will extend around the front and left side of the house.
51.1. We’ll start placing these at the front right corner of the mansion. Find the far right column of 1x1
circular plates. Place a window panel on these two plates, vertically long, with the flat side to the right so
there is an opening between the panel and the wall which simulates the deck. There should be two
circular plates to the left of the front stud of the panel. Place another window panel on these plates,
horizontally long, with the flat side at the front. This should touch the entry railing.
51.2. Now we’ll do the front left side of the mansion. Skip four studs to the left, past the right and left
railings. There should be a row of three circular plates. Place another window panel on the right two
plates, horizontally long, with the flat side at the front. There should be a column of two studs to the left of
the panel. Place a window panel on this column, vertically long, with the flat side at the left. There should
be a row of two circular plates offset one stud behind and to the left from the panel. Place a window panel
on these plates, horizontally long, with the flat side at the front.
51.3. Now for the back left side of the mansion. Skip two rows backwards to find a row of two circular
plates. Place a window panel on these plates, horizontally long, with the flat side at the back. Find a
column of two circular plates offset one stud behind and to the right from the previous piece. Place a
window panel on these plates, vertically long, with the flat side at the left. Place the last window panel,
horizontally long, with the flat side at the back, to the right of the back stud of the previous piece.
52. Now we’ll close the ceiling of the first floor! Find a white 2x4 plate, a white 6x10 plate, and a white 2x3
plate. Place the 6x10 plate, horizontally long, onto the first floor of the mansion. It should be aligned with
the front left corner of the mansion. It should extend all the way to the right of the front of the mansion.
Place a 2x4 plate vertically long to the left of the back four rows of studs of the previous piece. It should
go over the side entryway. Place a 2x3 plate horizontally long, behind the left three columns of studs on
the 6x10 plate.
Open Bag 3
Open group 13, group D, and group E. Don’t mix the groups together. Group D contains 18 dark green
1x1 plates, and group E contains 13 clear 1x1 plates.
53. Now we’ll start preparing more window attachment points! Find four white 1x1 bricks, three white 1x2
tiles, a sand green 1x1 plate, and a white 1x4 tile with a stud at each end. Find the two bricks extending
to the back on either side of the dining room. Make two stacks of two 1x1 bricks. Place one on the back
stud of each dining room wall. Place a 1x2 tile, vertically long, in front of each of the stacks of bricks.
Place the 1x4 tile with studs at the end vertically long, in front of the right previous piece. Place a 1x1
plate in front of the left previous piece. Place a 1x2 tile horizontally long, in front of the previous piece,
extending one stud to the left.
54. Find a white 1x4 tile, a white 1x2 tile, a white 1x6 tile, a white 2x2 corner plate, a sand green 1x1
plate, and two sand green 1x1 circular plates. Place a 1x4 tile vertically long in front of the previous piece,
offset one stud to the left so their corners touch. Place a circular plate to the left of the front and back
studs of the previous piece. Place a 1x1 plate in front of the 1x4 tile. Place a 1x6 tile horizontally long to
the right of the previous piece. There should be one row of studs in front of this piece. Place a corner
plate, oriented like a Braille letter F, to the right of the previous piece, extending one stud behind it. Place
a 1x2 tile vertically long behind the right stud of the previous piece. Its right side should touch the 1x4 tile
with studs on the ends from the previous step.
55. Find nine sand green 1x2 plates with rounded ends. These will end up being the bases for the arched
window panels which will form the second story deck walls!
55.1. We’ll start at the front right corner of the house. Place a 1x2 vertically long in front of the right stud
of the corner piece from step 54. It should be aligned with the right and front of the roof. Place another
1x2 horizontally long, to the left of the front stud of the previous piece.
55.2. Skip four studs to the left and place another horizontally long 1x2. Place another vertically long to
the left of the previous piece, extending behind it by one stud.
55.3. Place another 1x2 behind the previous piece offset one stud to the left, horizontally long so its left
edge extends to the end of the roof over the side entrance. Place another 1x2 vertically long behind the
left stud of the previous piece.Place another horizontally long, behind the previous piece, extending one
stud to the right.
55.4. Place another 1x2 behind the previous piece, offset one stud to the right, and vertically long. Place
the last 1x2 horizontally long to the right of the back stud of the previous piece.
56. Now it’s time to start making the second story windows! Find four clear 1x1 plates, four white 1x2
plates, four 1x2 tiles, four 1x1x2 bricks with a row of two studs on one side, four white 1x1 bricks, and
eight dark green 1x1 plates. 
56.1. Place a 1x1x2 brick with side studs in front of you, with the side studs at the right. Place a 1x1 brick
on the bottom side stud.
56.2. Stack three plates in this order from bottom to top: dark green, clear, dark green. Place this
assembly on the top side stud.
56.3. Place a 1x2 plate onto pieces from the previous step, and place a tile on the plate. Keeping the stud
on the top, rotate the window so the tile is at the back. Make four windows this way.
56.4. Find the 1x2 tile and 1x1 plate on the left dining room wall. Place a window onto the plate. The
sideways portion of the window should extend back over the tile so it touches the stack of two bricks at
the back of the build. Place the second window symmetrically on the right dining room wall. Place the
third window in front of the second window. Place the fourth window to the left of the third window. The
back stud of the fourth window will overlap the front stud of the third window.
Open group 14.
57. Find twenty sand green 1x1 circular plates. This will be just like step 20. Place one circular plate onto
every stud of the 1x2 plates with rounded ends from step 55, and the two 1x1 circular plates from step 54.
Open group 15.
58. Find five 1x2x2 tall bricks.
58.1. Place a tall brick vertically long, to the left of the fourth window, aligned with the back of the window.
Place another tall brick behind the previous piece, horizontally long, offset one stud to the right so it wraps
around the fourth window.
58.2. Place a tall brick behind the horizontally long 1x6 tile near the front of the roof, centered horizontally
so there are two exposed studs to the left and right.
58.3. Put a tall brick vertically long behind, and two studs to the left of the previous piece. It should touch
a 1x4 tile on its left. Place a tall brick horizontally long, behind the previous piece, offset one stud to the
right. It should be touching a 1x2 tile behind it, and a 1x4 tile to its left, as well as the previous piece.
59. Now it’s time to build some corner windows for the second story! Find a white 1x1 brick and a white
1x1 brick with a stud on two sides. Put the brick with side studs on the 1x1 brick and place it in front of
you, with side studs at the front and the right.
60. Find four dark green 1x1 plates and two clear 1x1 plates. Make two stacks of three: dark green, clear,
and then green. Place one stack on each side stud from the previous step.
61. Find a white 1x2 plate, two clear 1x1 tiles and a white 1x1 brick. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long, in
front of you and put a clear tile on each stud. These clear tiles will be part of the side entrance to the
deck! Place a 1x1 brick under the left stud. Rotate this assembly so the brick is at the bottom, and the
tiles are at the front. Attach it to the window on the front side stud from step 60.
62. Find a white 1x2 plate, a white 1x2 tile and a white 1x1 brick. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long, in
front of you and place the tile on top. Place a 1x1 brick under the left stud. Rotate this assembly so the
brick is at the bottom, and the tile is at the right. Attach it to the window on the right side stud from step
60.
63. In the mansion, find the second story window on the left dining room wall. There should be a
horizontal 1x2 tile in front of the window, with a recessed stud to the left of it. Keeping its orientation,
place the corner of the window into the side stud. The right edge of the window should be aligned with the
right side of the existing window. It should wrap around the tall bricks from step 58.3.
Open group 16.
64. Now we’ll build another corner window! Find a sand green 1x1 plate, and a white 1x1 plate with a row
of two studs sticking up from one side. Place the plate with side studs in front of you, with the side studs
at the left. Place the 1x1 plate onto the upward facing stud.
65. Find a white 1x1 brick with a side stud. Place it on the previous piece, with the side stud at the front.
66. Find a white 1x1 brick. Place it on the bottom side stud.
67. Find four dark green 1x1 plates and two clear 1x1 plates. Make two windows by stacking these three
together: dark green, clear, and then green. Place one stack on the side stud above the previous piece,
place the other on the side stud facing the front.
68. Find two white 1x2 plates, a white 1x2 tile, and two clear 1x1 plates.
68.1. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long in front of you. Place another on top.
68.2. Place two clear 1x1 plates on the previous piece. These will form half of the main entry door!
68.3. Place a 1x2 tile on top of the previous piece. Rotate this so the tile is at the left, and the assembly is
tall. Attach it to the window at the front from step 30.
69. Find a white 1x1 brick, a white 1x2 tile, and two clear 1x1 tiles. These clear tiles form the other half of
the side entrance!
69.1. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long in front of you.
69.2. Place a tile over each stud.
69.3. Place a 1x1 brick under the right stud of the 1x2 plate. Rotate the assembly so the tiles are at the
front and the brick is at the bottom. Attach it to the window at the front from step 67. Keeping the top stud
upright, rotate the window assembly so the longer side is at the right, and the shorter side is at the back.
70. Attach this window in front of the last corner window. It should touch the circular plates at the front
and left sides, and the last corner window at the back. Where these walls touch is the side door to the
deck! The front right wall of the second story should still be missing, but not for long!
Open group 17.
71. Find a sand green 1x1 plate, and a white 1x1 plate with a row of two studs sticking up from one side.
Place the plate with side studs in front of you, with the side studs at the left. Place the 1x1 plate onto the
upward facing stud.
72. Find two white 1x1 bricks. Place one on the previous piece, and one on the bottom side stud.
73. Find two dark green 1x1 plates and a clear 1x1 plate. Make a window by stacking these together:
dark green, clear, and then green. Place the window on the top side stud.
74. Find two white 1x2 plates, a white 1x2 tile, and two clear 1x1 plates.
74.1. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long in front of you. Place another on top.
74.2. Place two clear 1x1 plates on the previous piece. These two plates will form the other half of the
main door to the second story deck!
74.3. Place a 1x2 tile on top of the previous piece. Rotate this so the tile is on the left, and the assembly
is tall. Attach it to the window at the left from step 36.
75. Attach this to the right of the previous window piece. It should be on a white 1x6 tile, and there should
be a 1x1 plate at the far right which the brick attaches to. This window piece should touch the previous
window piece on the left. The main door to the deck is now facing forward, with a horizontal 1x4 row of
studs in front of it!
Open group 18.
76. Find a white 2x2 corner plate, a white 1x2 plate, a white 1x6 plate, and a white 1x4 plate. Place the
1x4 plate vertically long, on the left dining room wall, aligned with the back. Place the 1x6 plate on the
right dining room wall, aligned with the back. Place the corner plate in front of the previous piece, aligned
like a Braille letter H, offset one stud to the left so it wraps around the front stud of the previous piece.
Place the 1x2 plate vertically long in front of the left row of the previous piece.
77. Find a white 1x8 plate, two white 2x8 plates, a white 1x3 plate, two sand green 1x1 tiles, and a sand
green 1x2 tile.
77.1. Place the 1x3 plate in front of the 1x4 plate from the previous step, horizontally long and extending
two studs to the left. Place a 2x8 plate horizontally long, in front of the previous piece, aligned with the left
wall. Place another 2x8 plate in front of the first, and a 1x8 plate in front of that, both horizontally long.
The 1x8 should be aligned with the front wall.
77.2. Locate the side entry to the deck. It is a 2x4 plate extending from the deck on the left side, with a
2x2 square of exposed studs against the wall of the mansion. Place a sand green 1x1 tile on the right
circular plates in front of and behind the 2x2 square of studs. Place a sand green 1x2 tile vertically long,
centered vertically on the left column of 1x1 circular plates to the left of the 2x2 square of studs. This 1x2
is the low railing for the side deck.
78. Now we’ll build the railing for the front deck! Find a white 1x4 plate, three sand green 1x2 tiles, three
sand green 1x2 plates with rounded ends, and six 1x1 circular plates.
78.1. Place a white 1x4 plate horizontally long in front of you. Place a 1x2 plate with rounded ends
horizontally long, centered horizontally, on the previous piece.
78.2. Place two 1x1 circular plates on the studs of the previous piece.
78.3. Place a 1x2 tile horizontally long on the previous pieces.
78.4. Place a 1x2 plate with rounded ends vertically long, extending one stud to the back, on the left stud
of the 1x4. Place two circular plates on it, and place a 1x2 tile vertically long on top. Repeat this step on
the right stud.
78.5. Attach this to the 1x4 row of stud on the second story deck, directly above the main entrance. The
1x4 plate should be at the front.
79. Find 8 sand green 1x2x2 arched window panels. Like the ones from step 51, these will form the
copper walls of the second story deck and will extend around the front and left side of the house. Place
them on the second story, directly over the ones on the first story! 
Open group 19 and group F. Don’t mix the groups together. Group F contains 8 light brown 1x1 bricks.
Now we’ll build the balcony in the mansion! Set the mansion aside for now.
80. Find a reddish brown 4x6 plate, three sand green 1x1 bricks, and three light brown 1x1 bricks. Place
the 4x6 plate horizontally long in front of you. Place a sand green brick in the back right corner and a light
brown brick to its left. Repeat these two bricks two more times to create an alternative pattern of colors.
This will be the back wall of the dining room! Which has vertical striped wallpaper!
81. Find two dark brown 1x1 bricks with a stud on one side, and two light brown 1x1 bricks. Place a brick
with a side stud on the bricks in the back left and right corners, with the side studs at the front. Place a
light brown brick to the left of the right previous piece. Skip a stud, and place another light brown brick.
There should be an empty space to either side of the last brick.
82. Find a sand green 1x1 brick, three light brown 1x1 bricks, two sand green 1x1 plates, and two 1x1x2
tall bricks with two studs on one side. Place the tall bricks in the two gaps on the sides of the previous
piece, with the studs at the front. Place a 1x1 plate on top of each of these pieces. Place a light brown
1x1 brick between the two tall bricks. Place another to the left of the left tall brick. Place a sand green 1x1
brick on the top right stud. Place a light brown 1x1 brick to the left of the previous piece. The wall should
be even on top now!
83. Find two white 1x2 bricks, a white 1x6 plate, and a light gray 1x2 brick with a single stud on one side.
Place a 1x2 brick horizontally long on the top left two studs. Place the brick with a side stud to the right of
the previous piece, with the stud at the front. Place another 1x2 brick to the right of the previous piece.
Place the 1x6 plate on top of the back wall.
Open group 20. There is a candelabra with two tiles stuck to it in this group. Leave those there for now!
84. Find two dark tan 1x1 plates, and two dark tan 1x1 thick plates. Place a thick plate in front of the wall,
on the left stud. Place a normal plate in front of the previous piece. Place another normal plate to the right
of the thick plate. Skip a stud and place another thick plate to the right of the previous piece. This piece
should be touching the back wall, and there should be two exposed studs to the right.
85. Find six black 1x1 tiles with a clip on top. Place these in a horizontal row on the front row of the
balcony, with the clips vertical.
86. Find two black 3L bars. Clip one into the three left clip tiles to form half the handrail. Clip the second
into the right three clip tiles. The hand rail should extend horizontally. If it doesn’t, you might need to try
rotating the clip tiles.
87. You may want to have a sighted friend help you with this step. Find the candelabra piece with two
tiles attached to it. Hold the candelabra so it is horizontally long, and the tiles extend towards the front.
The two tiles are miniature versions of some more of the portraits of ghosts from the actual haunted
mansion in Disneyland! The left portrait shows the third hitchhiking ghost; a skinny man with a bowler hat
and an oversized bow-tie. The portrait on the center stud shows the grave digger. A skinny man with a
nervous look. The tops of the portraits are attached to the candelabra, so make sure this side is the side
that is up when you attach the portraits to the wall! Take the hitchhiking ghost’s portrait (left on the
candelabra) off of the candelabra, and place it on the left upwards pair of side studs on the balcony wall.
Take the grave digger’s portrait off of the candelabra and place it on the right upwards pair of side studs.
Don’t place these on the studs at the far left and right sides, we’ll put sconces there!
88. Now we’re going to make a couple of sconces. Find two gold 1x1 circular plates, two gold 1x1 round
plates with a bar on one side, and two transparent orange flames. Place a round plate with a bar in front
of you, place a circular plate on top, stud up, and push a flame through the hole in the plate. Make
another one of these. Push these into the side studs at the far left and right sides of the wall.
89. Now we start making the candelabra! Find a gold 1x1 circular plate, and a dark gray 1L bar with a clip
on one end. Put the circular plate onto the side stud at the top center of the balcony wall. Push the bar
with a clip through the previous piece, with the clip horizontal.
90. Find a gold candelabra, and three clear 1x1 circular tiles with an upwards bar on top. Hold the
candelabra with the three arms pointing down. Push the bar of a tile with an upwards bar in each of the
three bottom legs of the candelabra. Attach the candelabra, with the three legs pointing down, to the clip
from the previous step.
91. Place the mansion back in front of you, with the dining room at the front. Place the balcony over the
dining room. The wall of the balcony should be directly on top of the dining room wall, and the handrail of
the balcony should be at the front.
Open bag 4
Open group 21, group G, and group H. Don’t mix the groups together. Group G contains 16 dark green
1x1 plates, and group H contains 8 clear 1x1 plates.
92. Find a white 1x2 tile, a sand green 1x1 plate, and two white 1x1 scroll bricks. Scroll bricks are a 1x1
brick with a bar sticking out even with the top on one side, which has a stud on top and a circular
decoration on the sides. Place a scroll brick on the front stud of the right dining room wall, with the scroll
at the left. Place a 1x2 tile vertically long, behind the previous piece. Place a 1x1 plate behind the
previous piece. Place a scroll brick on the front stud of the left dining room wall, with the scroll at the right.
93. Rotate the mansion 180 degrees so the entryway is at the front. Find a white 1x8 brick, two white 1x2
plates, and a white 1x2 tile. Place a 1x2 tile, vertically long, in front of the previous piece. Place the 1x8
brick horizontally long, on top of the scroll bricks from the previous step. Place a 1x2 plate, vertically long,
in front of the scroll brick which is now on the right. Place a 1x2 plate, horizontally long, in front of the
previous piece, extending one stud to the left. It should wrap around the corner of the balcony wall.
94. Find two white 2x2 corner bricks, two white 2x2 corner plates, and a white 1x1 brick. Place a corner
plate, oriented like a Braille letter J, onto the previous piece so that it also wraps around the right corner
of the balcony wall. Place another corner plate on top of the previous piece, and a corner brick on top of
that. Place a corner brick on the roof in front of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter F. Place a
1x1 brick in front of the left column of studs of the previous piece. It should touch the green walls of the
deck at the front and be even with the right side of the mansion.
95. Find a white 1x2 brick, a white 1x4 tile with a stud on each end, a white 1x4 tile, and three white 1x2
tiles. Place the 1x4 tile with end studs vertically long, to the left of the previous pieces, leaving one
exposed stud between it and the balcony wall behind it. Place a 1x2 tile horizontally long to the left of the
front stud of the previous piece. Place a 1x2 brick horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece. Place
a 1x2 tile horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece. Place a 1x4 tile vertically long, to the left and
behind the previous piece, offset so the corners touch. Place a 1x2 tile horizontally long, to the right and
behind the previous piece, offset so the corners touch. The last piece should touch the left side of the
balcony wall.
96. Now we’ll make the third story windows! Find four clear 1x1 plates, four white 1x2 plates, four 1x2
tiles, four 1x1x2 bricks with a row of two studs on one side, four white 1x1 bricks, and eight dark green
1x1 plates.
96.1. Place a 1x1x2 brick with side studs in front of you, with the side studs at the right. Place a 1x1 brick
on the bottom side stud.
96.2. Stack three plates in this order from bottom to top: dark green, clear, dark green. Place this
assembly on the top side stud.
96.3. Place a 1x2 plate onto pieces from the previous step, and place a tile on the plate. Keeping the stud
on the top, rotate the window so the tile is at the back. Make four windows this way.
96.4. Find the 1x2 tile and 1x1 plate on the left dining room wall. Place a window onto the plate. The
sideways portion of the window should extend back over the tile so it touches the scroll brick at the back
of the build. Place the second window symmetrically on the right dining room wall. Place the stud of the
third window on the back stud of the 1x4 tile with end studs from step 95. The sideways portion of the
window extends to the front. Place the fourth window in front of the third window, with its window
extending to the left. This is on the front stud of the 1x4 tile with end studs.
97. Find four light gray 1x2x2 tall bricks. Place a tall brick horizontally long, behind the last window. Skip
two studs to the left and place another tall brick, horizontally long. It should be in the corner between two
tiles. Place another tall brick vertically long behind the left stud of the previous piece. Place the last tall
brick horizontally long, behind the previous piece, extending one stud to the right.
98. Find a sand green 1x6 plate, a sand green 1x10 plate, a sand green 1x3 plate, a sand green 1x1
plate, and a sand green 2x4 plate. These plate will form the roof of the deck! Place the 1x10 plate
horizontally long on the top of the arched panels at the front of the mansion. It should be aligned with the
left and right edges. Place a 1x1 plate behind the right stud of the previous piece. Place a 1x6 plate
vertically long behind the left stud of the 1x10 plate. Place a 2x4 plate vertically long to the left of the
previous piece, aligned with the arched panels below it. Place a 1x3 plate horizontally long, behind the
1x6 plate, extending two studs to the right.
99. Find a white 1x2 brick, two white 2x3 plates, and six white 1x2 plates. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally
long, on the two right studs of the previous piece. Place another to the left of the previous piece, vertically
long, extending one stud to the front. Place a 2x3 plate horizontally long, in front of the previous piece,
extending two studs to the left. Place another 2x3 plate horizontally long, in front of the previous piece.
Place a 1x2 plate vertically long in front of the right stud of the previous piece. Place another horizontally
long, to the right of the front stud of the previous piece. Skip four studs to the right and place another
horizontally long 1x2 plate. Place another 1x2 plate vertically long, to the right of the previous piece,
extending one stud behind.
Open group 22.
100. Find two dark gray 1x1 tiles, a dark gray 1x2 tile, and four dark gray 1x3 tiles.
100.1. Find the 1x10 plate on the front of the deck roof from steps 98-99. The right and left three studs
should be one plate higher than the rest of the 1x10 plate. Place a 1x3 tile horizontally long, on the right
three studs. Place a 1x3 tile vertically long, behind the right stud of the previous piece. Place a 1x2 tile
horizontally long behind the previous piece, extending one stud to the right.
100.2. Place a 1x3 tile horizontally long, on the left three studs on the 1x10 plate. There should be four
exposed studs left in the center of the 1x10 plate. Place a 1x1 tile behind the left stud of the previous
piece. Skip four studs behind the previous piece and place a 1x1 tile. Place a 1x3 tile behind the previous
piece, extending two studs to the right.
101. Now it’s time to build some corner windows for the top story! Find six white 1x1 bricks, two white 1x1
bricks with a stud on two sides, eight dark green 1x1 plates, four clear 1x1 plates, four white 1x2 tiles, and
four white 1x2 plates.
101.1. Put a brick with side studs on a 1x1 brick and place it in front of you, with side studs at the front
and the right.
101.2. Make two stacks of three: dark green, clear, and then green. Place one stack on each side stud
from the previous step.
101.3. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long, in front of you and put a white 1x2 tile on each stud. Place a
1x1 brick under the left stud. Rotate this assembly so the brick is at the bottom, and the tile is at the front.
Attach it to the window on the front side stud from step 101.1. Repeat this step and attach it on the left
side stud from step 101.1. Repeat this assembly one more time to make another corner window.
101.4. The corner windows will wrap around the tall bricks on the left side of the mansion from step 97.
The dark gray tiles from steps 100-100.2 should make a C shaped space for the windows to drop into.
Rotate the first corner window so its brick is at the front left, and place it in front and to the left of the front
tall brick. Rotate the second corner window so its brick is at the back left, and put it behind the first
window. Both should wrap around the tall bricks.
102. Find three white 1x6 plates, and a 1x2 plate. Place a 1x6 plate vertically long on the left dining room
wall, aligned with the back. Place a 1x6 plate horizontally long, to the right of the back stud of the
previous piece. Place the last 1x6 plate vertically long to the right of the previous piece, aligned with the
back of the dining room wall. Place a 1x2 plate vertically long, to the left of the front two studs of the
previous piece. You should be done with group 25 and have a tan 1x4 plate leftover.
Open group 23.
103. Find a white 2x4 plate, a white 1x4 plate, and a tan 1x4 plate. Place a white 1x4 plate vertically long,
to the left of the previous piece, extending two studs to the front. Place a tan 1x4 plate horizontally long,
to the left of the back stud of the previous piece. Place a 2x4 plate vertically long, to the left of the 1x6
plate on the left dining room wall, extending two studs to the front.
104. Find a white 1x8 plate, two white 1x3 plates, and a light gray 2x2 plate. Place a 1x3 plate
horizontally long, in front of the previous piece, extending one stud to the right. Place a 1x8 plate in front
of the previous piece, extending five studs to the right so it is aligned with the left and right walls of the
mansion. Place a 1x3 plate horizontally long, behind the right three studs of the previous piece. Place the
2x2 plate on the right two columns, even with the front of those columns.
105. Find a light gray 4x8 plate, and a light gray 6x8 plate. Place the 4x8 plate horizontally long, behind
the previous piece, aligned with the back wall of the dining room, and the right side of the mansion. Place
the 6x8 plate horizontally long, in front of the previous piece, extending two studs to the left. The entire
mansion should now have a ceiling!
Open group 24.
106. Find four white 1x1 circular tiles with an upright bar, and sixteen white candles. A candle is a 2L
cylinder with a short bar sticking out on one end, and a hole for a bar on the other end.
106.1. Place a 1x1 tile in front of you with the bar upright. Place the hole of a candle on the bar, so the
candle points upwards.
106.2. Place three more candles on the first. Place this assembly onto the left stud on the horizontal row
of four studs in front of the entry to the mansion to create the first column! Repeat steps 106.1-106.2
three more times and place these on the studs to the right of the first column.
Open group 25.
107. Find two white 2x3 plates, one white 1x4 plate, and four 1x1 circular plates.
107.1. Place the 1x4 plate horizontally long in front of you.
107.2. Place a 2x3 plate vertically long, on the right two studs of the previous piece, centered vertically.
107.3. Place a 2x3 plate vertically long, to the left of the previous piece.
107.4. Place the 1x1 circular plates into the front row from the bottom.
107.5. Attach the assembly onto the mansion, on the four exposed studs on the front railing. The circular
plates should slide over the top bars of the columns and hold them in place. This is the entry roof. You will
have four white 1x1 slope tiles and two light gray 2x2 plates left over.
Open group 26.
108. We’re going to start on the roof now! We begin where the roof extends over the main and side
entryways. Find four white 1x1 slope tiles, four dark gray 1x1 slope tiles, and four 1x2 slope tiles.
108.1. Place a white 1x1 slope tile on the second stud from the left on the front row of the entry roof,
above the entry columns, sloping up to the right. Place another to the right of it, sloping up to the left so
they meet at a peak. Place a dark gray 1x1 slope tile to the right of the previous piece, sloping up to the
left. Place a 1x2 slope tile vertically long, behind the previous piece, sloping up to the left. Repeat the last
two pieces symmetrically on the other side of the entry roof.
108.2. Find the roof over the side entry, which is a vertically long 4x3 rectangle of studs. Repeat step
108.1 on the side entry, rotated 90 degrees to the left so the white slope tiles are at the left.
109. Find two light gray 2x2 plates and two dark gray 2x2 plates. Stack a dark gray plate onto a light gray
plate. Do this twice. Place one stack behind the 1x1 white slopes on the main entry roof, and another to
the right of the 1x1 white slopes on the side entry roof.
110. Find four dark gray 1x1 slope tiles, and four dark gray 1x2 slope tiles. Place a 1x1 slope tile on the
back left stud of the 2x2 plate over the main entry roof, sloping up to the right. Place a 1x2 slope tile in
front of the previous piece, sloping up to the right. Repeat the two pieces symmetrically on the right side
of the entry roof, sloping up to the left to form a peaked roof. Repeat this rotated 90 degrees to the left
over the side entry door.
Open group 27.
111. Find twenty two white 1x1 tiles with a clip on top. Place a row of eight on the front of the main roof of
the mansion, with the clips horizontal. Skip four studs behind the left tile with a clip at the front of the roof
and place a row of three 1x1 tiles, starting on the leftmost column and extending to the right, with the clips
horizontal. Place a row of eight on the back of the main roof of the mansion, over the dining room, with
the clips horizontal. Skip four studs in front of the back right tile with a clip, until the roof offsets to the left..
Place a row of three 1x1 tiles, extending to the left from the rightmost column, with the clips horizontal.
112. Find fourteen white 1x1 tiles with a clip on top. Place these tiles with their clips vertical, in vertical
columns between the horizontal rows from the previous step, at the left and right edges of the roof. The
end result is that the entire roof will be outlined in tiles with clips. There should be a horizontally long 4x6
rectangle of exposed studs over the front roof, and another offset to the left on the back roof.
Open group 28.
113. Find four light gray 1x2 plates with a single stud on top. Place one vertically long, in the two front left
exposed studs on the roof. Place another vertically long behind it. Skip four studs to the right and repeat
these two pieces. There should be a 4x4 square of exposed studs between these two rows.
114. Find four brown 1x1 tiles and four brown 1x1 bricks. Place a brick on the studs of each of the
previous four pieces. Place a tile on each brick. These are the four chimneys of the mansion! You’ll have
a light gray 3x3 dish leftover when you’re done with this group.
Open group 29.
115. Now, we’ll wrap up with the little round room at the top! Find a white 2x2 circular plate and a white
2x2 circular tile with a stud on top. Place the plate in front of you and place the tile on top.
116. Find a dark gray 1x1 brick with a stud on all four sides, and two red 1x1 circular plates. Place a
circular plate on the previous piece, and place another circular plate on top. Place the brick with side
studs on the previous piece.
117. Find two sand green 1x2 plates and two white 1x2 ingot tiles. Place a plate on the left and right side
studs of the previous piece, so that it hangs down to touch the circular tile at the base. Place an ingot
over each of the previous pieces.
118. Find four white 1x2 plates with a single stud on top and two white 1x2 ingot tiles. Place a 1x2 plate
with a single stud horizontally long in front of you, Place another in front of it. Connect them with an ingot
tile. Repeat these three pieces. Attach one of these onto the front side stud of the 1x1 brick from step
116. Center it on the stud, and have it extend down to the circular tile at the base. The ingot should be up
and down. Repeat this on the back side stud.
119. Find a white 4x4 dish and a white 2x2 circular tile with a stud on top. Place the 2x2 circular tile on
top of the only stud on top of the room. Place the dish over the previous piece, concave down.
120. Find a light gray 4x4 dish and a dark gray minifigure ski pole. Place the dish concave down on the
previous dish. Push the bar portion of the ski pole through the top of the previous piece.
121. Now attach the room to the top of the mansion! It goes on the roof, centered horizontally and
vertically between the four chimneys. There should be one stud between it and the border of tiles with
clips at the front, and the chimneys to the left and right.
Congratulations! Now the Mini Disney Haunted Mansion is complete! GREAT WORK!! You may want to
sleep with the lights on tonight though…
Thank you so much for building this set!
There are no pages of ads after the instructions end.
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!