70599 Ninjago Cole’s Dragon
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
Make a minifigure. Put a 1x1 corner piece on its neck, the button to the back. Put a 1x1 clasp on this
button. Affix a sticker (with a hieroglyph) on the FS 2x2 with two clasps. Put this piece on a stick to make
a flag. Put this flag into the clasp on the minifigure’s back. Insert a flame piece into the large side of a
candlestick. Insert a stick into the other end of the candlestick. Put into the minifigure’s hand. Put a saw
blade into a sculpted handle. Put two small blades on the handle. Put a FS 1x1 ln the button. Lay aside.
Put a F 2x2 on the table. Put a F 2x1 ver on top, at the right.
Put a 4x1 step/curve piece hor to the left, on the front button the slide overhanging to the left. Repeat
symm at the back.
Put a F 2x1 with a ball ver on the right edge, the ball to the right. Put a 2x1 with a clasp hor to the left, at
the front. Put a 2x1 with a clasp hor to the back.
Put a F 2x2 on top, at the right.
Put a 2x1 with a clasp ver on the left edge, the clasp overhanging to the left. Put a 2x1 with a clasp ver to
the right, on the front edge, the clasp overhanging to the front. Put a F 2x1 with a clasp hor to the back,
the clasp overhanging to the back.
Put a F 2x1 with one button ver on the right edge. Put a F 3x2 hor to the left. Put a F 2x1 with two handles
ver to the left.
Put a 1x1 wedge on the right edge, slide to the left. Put a 2x2 frog piece ver on the left edge, the buttons
to the right.
Put a F 2x2 with two wings ver to the right, the wings to the right. Lay aside.
Steps 9-14. Make a part.
Put a F 2x1 with a clasp hor on the table, the clasp to the left. Put a F 1x1 with a roll hor on top, at the
right, the roll overhanging to the right.
Put a F 2x1 with a clasp and a ball hor from the left, the ball to the right, and insert the ball into the clasp
of your part. Put another such piece from the left, as before.
Put a S 2x1 curve hor on the rightmost two buttons, the slide to the left. Put a F 2x1 with one button hor to
the left. Repeat.
Put a 1x1 wedge on top of a PP, the slide to the left. Put a 1x1 wedge to the right, as before. Insert two
horns into the front and back holes on the roll at the right, the corners to the right.
Install this part, as is, from the right, inserting the ball at the right of your structure into the clasp at the left
of your part. LMA.
Make a part. Put a F 2x1 with a ball hor on the table, the ball to the right. Put a F 2x1 with a vertical clasp
hor on top, the clasp overhanging to the left. Put a 1x1 wedge on top, at the left, the slide to the right.
Install this part, as is, from the left, inserting the ball at the right of your part into the clasp at the left of
your structure. Lay aside.
Steps 15-23. Make a part.
Put a F 2x1 sled hor on the table, the handle to the right.
Put a S 3x1 curve hor on top, the slide to the left. Affix a sticker on top.
Put a 2x1 with both sides’ buttons and a handle hor underneath, at the left, the handle at the bottom at
the right.
Mount a 1x1 clasp upright on the front right button, the paws of the clasp to the top and to the bottom.
Repeat symm at the back.
Insert two pepper-horns into the clasps, the tips to the right and to the top.
Mount a FS 1x1 button in the front left button. Repeat symm at the back. LMA.
Make a part. Put a 1x1 with four side buttons on the table. Put a 1x1 (black) wedge on top, the slide to the
back. Put a 1x1 wedge (green) on the front side button, the slide to the front. Insert two horns into the left
and right slide buttons, symm, the tips to the bottom. Install this part ver, the free side button at the back
to the right, from the left to the button on the left of your main part. LMA.
Make a part. Put a F 1x1 with a clasp hor on the table, the clasp to the left. Put a S 2x1 curve hor on top,
the slide to the right. Flip this part upside down, left to right, and install at the bottom of your main part by
inserting a diagonal handle at the bottom of the main part into the clasp of your overturned part. LMA.
– 25. Affix the stickers to the FS triangle with the clasps. Install these triangles at the handles at the left
end of your structure, one at the front and one at the back, symm, diagonally.
Install the part made in step 22, as is, from the left to your structure, inserting the ball at the right of your
part into the clasp at the left of your structure. LMA.
 26. Make a part. Hold a 2x1 oblong piece with an attached ball ver, the ball to the bottom and the
holes to the front and to the back. Insert a ball connector from the back into the top hole. Put the threetoed piece hor on the table, the toes to the left, and insert your part, as is, from the top, into the downward
arch at the right. Install this part as is, from the front to the right of the triangle, inserting the ball of the ball
connector at the back of your part into the clasp at the front of the structure. LMA.
27. Make a part. Hold a 2x1 oblong piece with an attached ball ver, the ball to the bottom and the holes to
the front and to the back. Insert a ball connector from the front into the top hole. Put a three-toed piece
hor on the table, the toes to the right, and insert your part, as is, from the top. Install this part symm at the
back. Lay aside.
Steps 28-34. Make a part.
28. Put a F 4x1/4x1 print letter A piece hor on the table, the legs to the right.
29. Put a F 2x1 with a ball hor on the front edge, in the middle, the ball overhanging to the front.
30. Put a F 2x1 clasp hor to the right, the clasp overhanging to the right. Put another such piece hor at the
back, on the two rightmost buttons, the clasp to the right.
31. Put a S 2x1 curve hor on the back, in the middle, the slide to the left. Put another such piece hor at
the front, at the left, the slide to the left. Put a FS 2x1 hor to the right.
32. Put a F 2x1 with a clasp and a ball ver at the front, the clasp to the back, inserting the ball at the front
of your part into the clasp at the back of your piece.
33. Insert a saw blade piece hor, the longer end to the right and the stick to the front, from the back into
the clasp at the right end of the front edge. Repeat at the back.
34. Rotate this piece left to right. Rotate your part left to right. Install this part on top of the dragon’s front
leg, inserting the ball at the back of your part into the clasp to the left of the triangle on the dragon’s body.
LMA.
Steps 35-41. Make a part.
35. Put an A-letter piece hor on the table, the legs to the left.
36. Put a F 2x1 with a ball hor on the front edge, in the middle, the ball overhanging to the front.
37. Put a F 2x1 claps hor to the left, the clasp overhanging to the left. Put another such pieve hor at the
back, at the left, the clasp to the left.
38. Put a S 2x1 curve hor at the back, in the middle, the slide to the right. Put another such piece hor at
the front, at the right. Put a FS 2x1 hor to the left.
39. Put a F 2x1 with a clasp and a ball ver from the front, inserting the ball at the front of your part into the
clasp at the back of your piece.
40. Insert two saw blades into the clasps at the left, from the back, as before.
41. Install this part symm at the back.
Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.