43220 Peter Pan & Wendy's Storybook Adventure
Set adapted by Ann Wei and tested by Natalie Charbonneau

Endless stories await Disney and Peter Pan fans aged 5+ in this LEGO® ǀ Disney Peter Pan & Wendy’s
Storybook Adventure (43220) set. The book is based on the upcoming Peter Pan & Wendy movie and
features the Darling house with a bedroom, Big Ben, the Lost Boys’ hideout, Skull Island, a pirate ship, 3
LEGO micro-doll figures, a LEGO animal figure and a key. The LEGO Builder app will guide them on an
easy and intuitive building adventure, letting them zoom in and rotate models in 3D, save sets and track
their progress.
Imaginative play anywhere — Kids get lots of creative options for play with this portable, lockable book. It
can be played with on its own or added to other sets (sold separately) and is packed with story starters to
inspire imaginative play.
Iconic characters — This creative set gets kids playing fast with 3 LEGO micro-doll figures – Disney’s
Peter Pan, Wendy and Captain Hook – plus a Nana LEGO dog figure. The storybook is a fun way for kids
to join the hottest trend.
Kick-start creative play — Give any kid aged 5 and up who loves Peter Pan a gift full of details to inspire
the imagination with this LEGO Disney Peter Pan & Wendy’s Storybook Adventure (43220) set.
What’s inside the book? — This fun-filled set includes 3 LEGO micro-doll figures, a LEGO animal figure
and space to spark stories. The book can be closed and locked with the key when play is done.
Beloved characters — Based on the upcoming Peter Pan & Wendy movie, the book features Disney’s
Peter Pan, Wendy, and Captain Hook, plus a LEGO dog figure, and is made for unlimited stories and play.
Creative gift for ages 5+ — Any Disney fan will enjoy this set full of imaginative possibilities. Open the
book to access a complete micro-world full of details and fun play.
Pack-and-go fun — The closed book measures over 3.5 in. (9 cm) high, 2 in. (5 cm) wide and 5 in. (12 cm)
deep, making the set big enough for endless adventures and easy to pack up for on-the-go play.
Intuitive instructions — The LEGO Builder app guides you and your child on an intuitive building adventure
with tools that let you zoom in and rotate models in 3D, save sets and track progress.
Important life skills — With detailed micro-doll figures and recognizable builds, this Disney construction set
encourages open creative play that helps build vital life skills through fun.

The front of the box shows three images: a main image and two small pictures. The main image is of the
open LEGO book flying through the blue night sky with stars and clouds. In the open LEGO book, we are
shown half of the adventure where Wendy and Nana are on a bridge heading towards an archway
entrance, which leads to another side, Neverland! Although the other side is hidden, the base of the build
is another color, which tells us that right through the bridge and archway is another realm...perhaps a
dream world!
Now one of the small pictures on the front is of the closed LEGO book, which is on the verge of opening
with a key, releasing magic from a small open crack.
And the last picture on the front is of the two actors, Alexander Molony and Ever Anderson, who played
Peter Pan and Wendy in the 2023 Disney live-action movie.

The top of the box shows all of the minifigures that this set comes with, along with a pirate ship.
The back of the box has five images; a main image and four inset images scattered throughout. The main
image shows the other side of the storybook adventure with an island, crocodile, ladder, and more!

The first inset view shows Wendy on a pink bed, behind a tiny minifigure toy or statue beside a tiny
dollhouse.

The second inset picture shows an angry Captain Hook on a pirate ship about to crash into a crocodile in
the water!
The third inset display shows Peter Pan beside a large curvy vine and in front of a forest of trees.
The last inset photo shows a demonstration of how the book can open and close, as well as how the key
can turn to lock and unlock the Peter Pan & Wendy's Storybook Adventure!
The build is 111 pieces, with 2 bags, 2 pages of instructions, and 59 steps.

Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we may be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
- Column: studs lined up from top to bottom.
Note: count columns left to right, rows back to front, and align the back-left corner stud of the piece if we
specify both the row and column. Example: “Place the 2x2 brick on the plate’s third row, fourth column”
means to align the back-left corner stud of the 2x2 brick onto the plate’s stud that meets at the third row
and fourth column.

For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/43220) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.

Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups/piles, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the pieces
for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set. Number
the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one or a
small number of steps in the instructions. Example: “Steps 1-3” means collect all the parts used in steps 1,
2, and 3, and put them in one group.
 
This LEGO set comes with two bags labeled 1 and 2, instructions, a sticker sheet, and three separate
large pieces. There are 10 instructions to place a sticker or stickers on steps 4, 12, 17, 21, 22, 25, 26, 34,
39, and 52. If you want to use the sticker(s) for the build, it should be put on as you or your helper sorts
the pieces! Sort the pieces into groups or piles as described below. Note that where there are multiple
colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split into two groups to make telling the difference
easier for the builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their
own group away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Note: there are designs both printed and stuck onto pieces that should be built facing a certain way and
their orientations may not be determined by touch, so ask your helper about the orientations of the designs
on printed pieces with stickers and make physical or mental notes of them for later.
Bag 1 of 2 + the 3 large separate pieces that come loosely inside the box and not in any bags (6 groups):
Minifigure groups:
Group 1.1 contains the pieces for assembling the Peter Pan minifigure.
Group 1.2 contains the pieces for assembling the Wendy minifigure.
Group 1.3 contains the pieces for assembling the Captain Hook minifigure.
Main-build groups:
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 1-5 with the large green box and large gold book spine. The pieces
make the book cover!
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 6-10 and the large blue box from step 5. The pieces make the
locking mechanism!
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 11-17. The pieces make the Big Ben!
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 18-20. The pieces make the bridge!
Group 6 contains the pieces for steps 21-27. The pieces make Skull Island and the keyhole!
Bag 2 of 2 (5 groups):
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 28-35. The pieces make the pirate ship!
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 36-40. The pieces make the bedroom!
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 41-50. The pieces make the archway entrance!
Group 10 contains the pieces for steps 51-59. The pieces make the Lost Boys’ hideout!
Group 11 contains extras in case you lose any small pieces.
Minifigure Sub-builds:
1 of 3: Assemble Peter Pan using the green body, nougat head, and black hair with attached ears and a
green pointy hat. With the stud of the head facing up and the pointy chin facing down, place the hole of the
head onto the neck of the body. Then place the hat, hair, and ears piece with the hair bangs facing the
front of the head with a small bump for a nose. The point of the hat should face back and the arms should
be slightly extended front.
2 of 3: Assemble Wendy using the light blue and white body, light nougat head, and reddish-brown wavy
hair. With the stud of the head facing up and the pointy chin facing down, place the hole of the head onto
the neck of the body. Then place the hair with the open side facing the front of the head with a small bump
for a nose. The nose should face the same direction that the arms are slightly extended toward. Also
locate the Nana LEGO dog figure and place her right next to Wendy!
3 of 3: Assemble Captain Hook using the dark blue and white body, light nougat head with a printed
mustache, and reddish-brown ponytail with a pirate hat. The pointy hat should face front toward the nose
bump and extended arms, while the ponytail should face back, in the opposite direction.
Main-Building Instructions:
1. Locate one gold 4x16 book spine with two columns on both long edges and four missing corners. Place
this down on your surface with the long axis running vertically. Do not attach this piece to anything yet.

2. Locate two white 1x4 plates. Horizontally and symmetrically place each on the very front and very back
raised edges.
3. Locate two dark blue 1x4 tiles. Perfectly align them on top of each 1x4 plate from the last step.
4. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the circular green and teal sticker with a silhouette of Peter Pan. Flip
over the gold 4x16 book spine, or your entire structure so far, ensuring no studs are facing up. Place this
Peter Pan sticker on the back half of the book spine where the larger empty space is, behind the LEGO
logo.
5. Locate four gold cylinder pegs, one large green box missing a right wall, and one large light blue box
missing a left wall. Flip over the book spine so the studs face up. Place the green large box to the left of
the book spine, with the missing wall facing right, and place the large light blue box to the right of the book
spine, with the missing wall facing left. Align the green right hooks/holes to the left column of the book
spine, then fasten these aligned edges and pieces with the thinner side of a cylinder peg, oriented
vertically. Do this in each of the four missing corners of the book spine with both the large boxes.
6. Locate one white column piece with two circular hooks/holes on an edge, resembling a large C-shape.
Hold this upright with the two hooks facing you.
7. Let’s build part of the keyhole! Locate one blue short peg with a plus sign edge. Insert the plus sign into
the bottom of the white C-shape from the last step. Now place the other side of the blue peg into the large
center pinhole inside the small right-center rectangular box within the larger blue box.
8. Locate one light blue 1x1x3 brick. Place this on the stud behind the C-piece upright.
9. Locate one 1x4 green tile. Vertically place this in the center of the large light green box that is to the left
of the book spine. You should feel 2x4 studs and this tile should cover the first column.
10. Locate one sand-colored 2x4 plate with only two studs on top. Vertically place this on the 2x4 studs in
the center of the large light blue box that is to the right of the book spine.
11. Locate one sand colored 1x4 brick wall, one 4x4 green quarter circle, and one brown 1x1 tile with a
hook on top. Place the quarter circle on its own with the round edge facing front-right. Now horizontally
place the brick wall along the first row. Then, vertically place the hook on the third row, third column.
12. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate two sand-colored 1x2x2 bricks with only two studs on top, and locate
two 2x2 stickers: one of a clock and one of a dog house with a brown entrance. Place each sticker on
each brick upright with the top of the designs facing the top two studs.
13. Let’s build the Big Ben! Locate two sand-colored 1x2x2 bricks with two studs on top and a sticker on
each brick. Horizontally place the brick, with the dog house sticker, on the second row, first column. Now
horizontally place the brick with the clock sticker and place it on the first row, third column.
14. Locate one white dog bone with two small bumps on each end. Horizontally click this into place on the
step 11 hook.
15. Locate two gold pyramid shapes. Horizontally place each on top of the step 13 bricks with stickers.
16. Keeping the same orientation, place this structure on the far-back left 2x2 studs in the large green box.
You can also place Nana the dog minifigure on the far-front left stud of this structure in front of the dog
house sticker that reads “Nana!”
17. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate a large sticker displaying green grass with two balls and dog paw
prints. Vertically place this sticker to the right of the quarter circle with the brown edge facing the left.
18. Let’s build a bridge! Locate one white 4x4 plate, one white 2x3 plate with only two studs, two crisscross railings, two bundles of leaves with three spikes, and two purple flowers. Start by placing one leaf
piece, diagonally facing back-left, on the first row, first column of the 4x4 plate. Symmetrically, place the
other leaf piece, diagonally facing front-left, on the last row, first column. Then horizontally place each of
the criss-cross railings along the first and last row, to the right of the leaves, leaving a one-column
overhang. Now horizontally place the 2x4 plate with two studs in between both railings, then place each of
the two flowers on each of the two leaves.
19. Attach this structure, horizontally, to the right-center side of the large green box. This should be to the
immediate right of the vertical green 1x4 tile.
20. Locate another leaf piece and purple flower. Place the leaf piece on the very front-left corner of the
large light green box with the three points diagonally facing back-right. Now place the purple flower on the
leaf piece.
21. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate a large sticker displaying green grass, brown dirt within a grid, a
blueberry bush, and a garden shovel. Horizontally place this sticker in front of the bridge and to the right of
the purple flower and leaf piece just placed in the last step.
22. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate a rectangular sticker displaying a close-up skull of a skeleton and
locate a white 1x2 brick with a curved side and no studs. Horizontally place this sticker on the downward
curve of the brick.
23. Let’s build Skull Island! Locate one light green 2x3 plate, one dark green 2x2 plate with a downward
slope and only two studs, one white 1x2 brick with a sticker on a curved side and no studs, and two 1x1
quarter circle tiles. Start by orienting the 2x3 plate vertically. Then place the 2x2 plate with a downward
slope on the first and second row with the two studs facing front, and the downward slope facing back.
Place the brick with the rounded side on the third row, with the sticker facing you. Now put the two quartercircles together to form a half-circle, and place them on the downward-slope piece, ensuring that the
curved edge of the half-circle is facing the back and the flat side is facing front.
24. Vertically place this structure on the far back-right corner of the large blue box. Ensure that the sticker
on the curved side is still facing you.
25. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate a large sticker displaying logs, barrels, a crab, and a fish in the water.
Horizontally place this sticker to the left of the structure you just built/placed and behind the vertical sandcolored 2x4 plate with only 2 studs.
26. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate a large sticker displaying a small island, a crocodile, and fish in the
water. Horizontally place this sticker in front of the vertical sand-colored 2x4 plate with only 2 studs and to
the left of the 2x2 studs on the front-right corner.
27. Close the book by lifting the left green large box and placing it over the right blue large box. Locate two
1x2 gold bar tiles, one brown 2x2 donut tile, and one gold key-like piece with a kite shape. To the far rightcenter edge of the book, there are 2x4 studs. Horizontally place the 1x2 gold bars on the first and last row,
then place the 2x2 donut tile in between. Now place the key piece into the center hole of the donut tile.
This now allows you to lock and unlock your storybook!
28. Open bag 2 if it isn’t already open.
29. Let’s build a pirate ship! Locate one brown 2x2 plate with two attached upward slopes. Orient this
horizontally and do not attach it to anything yet.
30. Locate three red 1x2 plates with four studs and a side wall. Symmetrically, horizontally, and centeredhorizontally, place two of the plates on the 2x2 studs from the last step, with the thin walls facing away
from each other. Then vertically place the third plate on the right upward slope with the thin wall facing
right.
31. Locate one tan 2x2 plate with only one stud. Fill in the 2x2 gap of the boat with this plate. You can
place the Captain Hook minifigure on this 2x2 plate if you would like!
32. Locate one red 1x2 plate with an attached stick facing up. Place this on the left upward slope with the
side of the stick facing left.
33. Locate two brown 1x2 triangular handles bars. Vertically and symmetrically place this on both upward
slopes with both handles facing right.
34.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate two 2x2 white stickers displaying stitches and patches. Place each
onto two white 2x2 tiles/panels with a hook underneath.
34.2. Let’s make sails! Locate two white 2x2 panels with a hook underneath and a sticker. Hook both
panels onto the handle bars, push them all the way down to the left, ensuring that the stickers both face
left.
35. Vertically place this boat, with the sails facing back, on top of the back two studs on the bottom-right
corner 2x2 studs in the blue large box.
36. Let’s build a bedroom! Locate one light green 4x4 plate and two tan 2x3 bricks. Vertically place both
bricks so that the first four rows of the plate are completely covered.
37. Locate one tan 1x1 brick, one pink 2x2 plate with only one stud, and one purple 1x2 tile. Place the
brick on the first column, last row. Now vertically place the tile on the last column, second row. Then place
the plate to the left of the tile. You can place the Wendy minifigure on this pink plate if you would like!
38. Locate one white 1x4 plate and two white 1x2 half circles. Horizontally cover the first row with the
plate, vertically cover the first column, second and third rows with the curves of the half circles going front
to back, and then vertically place the pyramid on the first column, last row with the flat triangle face
aligning with the brick below it.
39.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate two 4x3 stickers: the first with a dog photo, stack of items, and a
teddy bear and the second with a ladder. Place each sticker on each side of a yellow 1x4x3 brick.
39.2. Locate one yellow 1x4x3 brick with stickers, and one white 1x4 plate. Horizontally place the brick on
the first row with the ladder sticker facing the back. Then place the plate along the top.
40. Locate one white 1x1 minifigure statue and one dark blue 1x4 tile. Cover the first row with the tile and
place the statue on the right of the pyramid.
40. Now place this structure on the back 12 studs on the book spine with the ladder sticker facing right and
the statue facing left.
41. Let’s build an archway entrance! Locate one tan 4x6 plate and two white 1x4 bricks. Orient the 4x6
plate horizontally. Symmetrically and vertically place each brick on the first and last columns.
42. Locate two magenta 1x4 tiles. Symmetrically and vertically place each on the second and second to
last columns.
43. Locate two pink 2x2 plates with only one stud. Horizontally center both 2x2 plates covering the third
and fourth columns. 
44. Locate two white 1x1 half circles. Symmetrically and vertically place each on the front corners with the
curves going side to side.
45. Locate two white 1x2x3 bricks. Symmetrically and vertically place each on the back corners.
46. Locate one tan 2x6 plate. Use this to horizontally connect the two step 45 bricks.
47. Locate two white 1x2 plates with a hook, and two dark blue 2x2x2 downward-sloped bricks. Place
each of the hooked plates vertically on the first and last column of the step 46 plate, ensuring the hooks
are facing front. Then place both bricks in between and side by side, ensuring the downward slopes are
facing front.
48. Locate two dark blue 1x2x2 downward-sloped bricks. Symmetrically place each on top of the step 47
hooked plates, ensuring the slopes are facing front.
49. Locate two white 1x1 circular tiles with stems on top. Place each on both sloped bricks from the last
step.
50. With the hooks facing left, place this on the main build immediately in front of the bedroom on the book
spine, leaving no studs in between.
51. This is the last part of the storybook adventure! Let’s build the tree from the Lost Boys’ hideout! Locate
one light green 4x4 plate, one brown 1x3 downward-sloped brick, and one green 2x2 plate with only one
stud. Vertically place the brick on the front right corner of the 4x4 plate with the slope facing front. Then
place the 2x2 plate on the front left corner of the 4x4 plate. You can place the Peter Pan minifigure on this
2x2 plate if you would like!
52.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate two stickers, both displaying green leaves and blue flowers. Place the
larger rectangular sticker on the indented side of one 1x4x5 brick under the window hole, and the corner
sticker on the left corner of the other side.
52.2. Locate one 1x4x5 brick with a window hole and two stickers. Use this to horizontally cover the first
row of the 4x4 plate, with the indented side of the brick facing back.
53. Locate one light brown 1x1 brick. Place it on top of the previously placed downward-sloped brick.
54. Locate one brown staircase with a curved underside. Horizontally place it on top of the previously
placed piece, ensuring it’s facing left.
55. Locate one brown 1x1 brick with a side stud. Use this piece to fill in the missing corner of the last
piece, ensuring that the stud is facing front.
56. Locate one green curly vine/long tube. Insert the stem into the side stud of the previously placed piece.
This piece should hang down.
57. Locate one green 3x3 triangle with a curved edge. Align the right angle of the curved triangle with the
right angle of the back right corner of this structure on the first row, last column.
58. Locate two green leaf pieces with three spikes and two 1x1 half circles. With the curve going from front
to back, place each half circle on the back two corners of the curved triangle from the last step. Place one
leaf in front of the left half-circle, with the spikes facing front. Then place the other leaf on the far front-right
of the curved triangle, with the spikes facing front.
59. Last step! Place this structure in front of the archway entrance on the book spine, ensuring that the
vine is facing left.
There are no ads after the end of the instructions.
Congratulations! Now the Peter Pan & Wendy's Storybook Adventure is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!