60392 Police Bike Car Chase
Set adapted by John Le and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
Mobilize kids’ imaginations with this action-packed playset. The LEGO® City Police Bike Car Chase
(60392) comes with a toy police pursuit motorcycle and a crook’s getaway sports car. Just add the police
officer and crook minifigures, a toy banknote and a drop of imagination for hours of crook-catching fun.
Police chase toy for kids aged 5 and up – Hours of fun crook-catching adventures await with this LEGO
City Police Bike Car Chase (60392) playset
What’s in the box? – Includes all kids need to build a toy police pursuit motorcycle and crook’s getaway
sports car, plus police rider and crook minifigures
Features and functions – Kids can attach the toy minifigure handcuffs to the police motorcycle
Dimensions – The toy sports car measures over 1.5 in. (4 cm) high, 4 in. (10 cm) long and 2 in. (5 cm)
wide
Fun LEGO accessories – Includes a toy banknote and handcuffs
The front of the box shows the crook in his red car racing down the street, waving his money in the air
and taunting the officer! But the officer on her motorcycle doesn’t take this and taunts her handcuffs in the
air!
The back of the box shows the officer stopping the crook in his car. His hands are raised in the air! The
officer takes the crook out of his car and puts him in handcuffs and walks him away! Wow, too bad for the
crook, he is going away to jail now!
The top of the box shows the police officer's minifigure and how you can attach the handcuffs to the
crook’s hands.
The build is 59 pieces in total, 36 pages/steps, and is for ages 5+.
Bag 1 includes the pieces for the police bike, the getaway car, the police officer, and the crook.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we may be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic
connector on the front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another
such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the
second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
- Column: studs lined up from top to bottom or front to back
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit, or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/60392) As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers, or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1,2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with 2 small unlabeled bags, 1 set of instructions, and some loose pieces. Sort the
pieces into groups or piles as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the same
brick in a step, the colors will be split into 2 groups to make telling the difference easier for the builder!
LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group away from
the rest, in case you need them later.
Note: I will identify steps by page numbers according to the instruction booklets.
Bags 1 and 2 of 2 (groups/piles):
Group 1 has the pieces for page 5. (Police officer minifigure)
Group 2 has the pieces for page 6. (Crook minifigure)
Group 3 has the pieces for pages 7-11. (Police bike)
Group 4 has the pieces for pages 12-23. (Crook car part 1)
Group 5 has the pieces for pages 24-32 (Crook car part 2)
Group 6 has the pieces for pages 33-36 (Wheels)
Let’s get to building!
Building Instructions (Bag 1 and 2, Book 1):
Group 1 — Police officer minifigure
5. Assemble the police officer using the dark blue legs, uniformed printed light blue torso, and the female
head. Attach the clear visor to the white helmet and put it on her head. Then put the handcuffs in her
hand.
Group 2 — Crook minifigure
6. Assemble the crook using the black legs, white and black striped torso, male head, and black cap.
Then put the money into his hand.
Group 3 — Police bike
7-8. Locate 1 black bike underframe and 1 white bike frame. Place the white frame on top of the two
studs of the black underframe.
9. Orient your bike horizontally so that the studded part is on the right side. Then locate 1 white 1x2 plate
with a clip on the side. Place this on top of the two studs of the bike so that the clip is facing the right.
10. Locate 1 dark grey handlebar and 1 trans-light blue tile. Horizontally place the tile on top of the
previously placed plate. Then on the left side, under the curved part, insert your handlebars so that the
bottom of it clips onto the underframe of the bike.
11. Locate 2 black tires and 2 dark grey cylinders with small pegs. Insert the cylinders into each of the
tires. Then flip over your bike. Then attach the pegs to the left and right sides of the build so that both
pegs of each wheel clip onto the bike’s underframe. Then flip over your build, put your police officer on,
and get to riding!
Group 4 — Crook car part 1
12-13. Locate 1 dark grey 2x12 car frame that has a 4x4 middle part and a 2x4 gap in the middle. Also,
locate 2 black 2x4 plates with pegs on two sides. Place your frame horizontally upside down. Then on the
left and right sides, next to the slope parts, place your plates vertically. Now there should be a 1x2 space
on the left and right sides.
14. Flip over your build so it is horizontal. Then locate 1 tan 2x2 ridged brick. Place this piece in the gap
on the left side.
15. Locate 1 dark grey 1x4 plate with 2 inverted slopes. Vertically place this plate on the rightmost side.
16. Locate two dark grey 2x2 bricks with arches. Symmetrically and horizontally place these next to the
plate you just placed so that the arches are facing front and back.
17. Locate 1 red 2x4 plate. Vertically place this on top of the two bricks you just placed.
18. Locate 1 light grey steering wheel. Vertically place this on top of the right side of the tan 2x2 ridged
brick. Make sure that the steering wheel part is facing right.
19. Locate 1 light grey 2x4 slope. Place this to the left of the steering wheel so that the slope goes down
from left to right. 
20. Locate 2 red 1x6 plates with 2 inverted slopes. Symmetrically and horizontally place them on the 4
studs in the front and in the back of the steering wheel. The stud on the left sides of these plates should
align with the studs on the slope you just placed.
21. Locate 2 red 1x4 tiles with a wall. Symmetrically and horizontally place these tiles in the gap portion of
the previously placed plates so that the walls are facing outwards.
22. Locate 2 more dark grey 2x2 bricks with arches. Symmetrically place these next to each other in the
second and third columns so that the arches are facing front and back.
23. Locate 1 yellow 1x2 plate. Vertically place this plate to the left of the previously placed bricks.
Group 5 — Crook car part 2
24. Locate 1 trans-red 1x2 plate. Vertically place this in the gap of the 1x4 plate with inverted slopes on
the rightmost side.
25. Locate a 1x2 plate with a spoiler. Place this on top of the previously placed plate so that the spoiler is
facing right.
26. Locate 2 red 1x4 curved tiles. Symmetrically and horizontally place these in the front and back studs
on the right side. The right side of these curve tiles should align with the right side of the build.
27. Locate 1 black 2x2 curved tile and 1 black 1x2 triangular piece with a handlebar. Place the lower
bottom part of the 2x2 curved tile on top of the spoiler piece. The curve should align with the 2 curved
tiles you previously placed. Then to the left of this piece, vertically place your triangular handlebar piece
so that handlebar is on the right.
28. Put your build aside for now. Locate 1 red 1x2 plate with 4 side studs, 1 red 1x2 slope tile, and 2
trans-yellow 1x1 slope tiles. Hold your 1x2 plate horizontally with the 4 studs facing up and the 2 studs
facing back. Then symmetrically place both 1x1 slopes on the left and right sides so that the slope goes
down toward you. Then in the middle, place your 1x2 slope with the slope going down in the same
direction. This build will be the lights in the front of the car!
29. Bring back your main build and make sure it is in the horizontal position with the spoiler being on the
right side. Then attach what you just made to the 2 studs on the left side.
30. Locate 1 red 2x4 plate. Vertically place this to the left of the steering wheel.
31. Locate your 3x4 clear windshield piece. Vertically place this on top of the right side of the piece you
just placed. Make sure the slope runs down from right to left.
32. Locate 2 red 2x4 curved slope tiles. Horizontally place these, one in front of the other, to the left of the
windshield so that the slope runs down from right to left.
Group 6 — Wheels
33-36. Locate 4 black tires and 4 light grey cylinders. Push each of your cylinders into the tires. Then with
the flat side of the cylinders, insert them into each of the 4 pegs on the car. Congratulations, you have 
finished the crook’s car! Now put your crook in front of the steering wheel and let him ride off with his
money! Don’t get caught by the officer!
At the end of the instruction booklets are advertisements for the following 5 LEGO CITY Theme kits:
60372 - City Police Training Academy
60374 - City Fire Command Truck
60369 - Deep-Sea Explorer Submarine
60373 - City Fire Rescue Boat
60370 - City Police Station Chase