Text-Based Instructions for LEGO® 60312 Police Car. Written by Lev Smolsky, edited by Matthew
Shifrin.
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
Introduce kids to a world of fun and excitement with this LEGO® City Police Car (60312) playset,
featuring a sporty toy police patrol car with cool rims, wide fenders and ground-gripping tires. Just add
the police officer minifigure, complete with a toy flashlight and police cap, for hours of imaginative crookchasing action! LEGO building toy for kids aged 5 and up.
This set includes a step-by-step pictorial building guide and interactive digital building instructions.
Available in the free LEGO Building Instructions app for smartphones and tablets, the intuitive digital
guide comes with amazing zoom and rotate tools that allow kids to visualize models from all angles as
they build.
What’s in the box? – Everything kids need to build a toy police car with room behind the wheel for the
included police officer minifigure. Building toy for imaginative play – Kids get to explore the toy Police
Car as they build, before popping the police officer behind the wheel and setting out on crook-chasing
adventures. A fun anytime gift – This LEGO® City Police Car toy can be given as a birthday, holiday or
any-other-day gift for kids aged 5 and up. When built, the toy Police Car measures over 1.5 in. (4 cm)
high, 4.5 in. (11 cm) long and 2 in. (5 cm) wide. Includes LEGO® minifigure accessories – This toy
police car playset comes with a toy flashlight and police cap element for the included police officer
minifigure. On the box, a police officer, wearing a police uniform with a badge, and two side pockets,
with a microphone on his belt, holds a flashlight in his hand. A photo shows the roof of the car removed,
and the policeman inside it. On the side of the box is a picture of the policeman standing next to the car.
First we will build the police officer Minifigure:
Assemble the police officer Minifigure using the legs, torso, head, and hat. Put the torso on top of the
legs, then put the head on the torso, and put the hat on top. He wears blue pants, and a police uniform
with epaulets, two breast pockets (one of which has his badge on it) and a tie. On his belt is a
microphone for his walkie-talkie. The back of the torso says 'Police on it and features the radio itself
dangling at the back of his belt. He is smiling, with sideburns and a shortly trimmed beard. Now we'll
build a flashlight. for the officer to use. Find a black 1x1 faucet piece, and a translucent yellow 1x1
round plate. Put the 1x1 round plate onto the wide end of the faucet piece. The flashlight is finished! You
can put the narrow end of the faucet piece into the officer's hand, so that the translucent yellow 1x1
round plate points to the front-- that way he'll be able to see what’s in front of him if it gets dark. 
Now let's build the police car.
1. Locate the large black base for the car. Orient it horizontally.
2. Place a yellow 1x4 plate horizontally onto the front row of the base-- the front row protrudes to the
front and consists of 4 studs. Place a light gray 1x4 plate horizontally, directly behind the previous
piece. Then place a yellow 1x4 plate horizontally onto the back row of the base, onto the 4x1 protruding
part at the back, in the middle. Place a light gray 1x4 plate horizontally, directly in front of the previous
piece.
3. Place a yellow 1x2 steering wheel piece vertically directly in front of the previous piece's left stud, so
that the steering wheel is pointing right. Find a yellow 1x2x1 bar tile, it has a diagonal horizontal bar at
the top. Place it vertically skipping two columns to the right of the previous piece, directly in front of the
1x4's right stud, so that the bar is slightly to the right. This is the back of the car seat.
4. Place an orange 2x4 plate horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece. Its rightmost column
will protrude to the right. Place a green 2x4 plate horizontally directly to the left of the steering wheel
piece. Its leftmost column will protrude to the left.
5. Place a dark tan 1x2 brick vertically onto the left column of the orange 2x4 plate (the first piece placed
in the previous step).
6. Place a red 2x3 brick horizontally onto the right three columns of the green 2x4 plate (the second
piece placed two steps ago)
7. Now we will make two separate parts, which we will attach to the car later. Locate a blue 2x4 U
shaped piece and orient it horizontally. This piece looks like the print letter U, it is rough on the
underside, and its two ends stick up, while the middle 2x2 surface is lower. Place a white 1x4 bench
piece horizontally onto the back row of the 2x4, so that the back of the bench is in front. Place a blue
1x4 brick that says "Police" on it, horizontally in front of the previous piece, on the front row of the 2x4.
Make two of these parts. Place the first one onto the two 1x4 plates at the front of the car in the middle,
so that the "Police" sign is facing forward. Take the other assembly, rotate it 180 degrees so that the
"Police" is now facing backward. Place this assembly onto the two 1x4 horizontal plates at the back of
the car in the middle, Police sign to the back.
8. Locate two blue 1x6 plates. Place the first one vertically onto the rightmost studs of the previous two
assemblies that you just placed and the dark tan 1x2 brick. This will connect them to the rest of the car.
Place the other 1x6 vertically onto the leftmost studs of the previous two assemblies that were just
placed and the right column of the red 2x3 brick.
9. Locate two blue mudguard pieces and orient them so that they are facing forward- attached arches to
the front. These pieces are 2x2 bricks with horizontal arches attached to them. Place a blue 1x2 plate
horizontally onto the front row of the mudguard piece. Do this for the other mudguard piece as well.
Place the first one on the front right two studs of the base piece, right above the axle, to the right of the
front two studs of the first 1x6 plate placed in the previous step. Place the second one symmetrically at
the back right, to the right of the back two studs of the first 1x6 plate placed in the last step, leaving a
2x2 gap between the two previous pieces.
10. Locate two blue 1x2 curved slopes. Place them horizontally, onto the left studs of the 1x2 plates
placed in the last step, curve to the left.
11. Place a blue 1x1 tile directly to the left of each of the two previous pieces. Place a blue 1x2 plate
with one stud horizontally directly to the left of each of the two previous pieces.
12. Place a light gray 1x4 plate vertically centered onto the rightmost row of the orange 2x4 plate
protruding out to the right of the assembly. It should overhang equally to the front and to the back. 
Place a dark gray 1x4 brick with 4 side studs directly onto the previous piece, vertically, so that the side
studs are pointing to the right.
13. Now we will make the car's rear bumper. We will attach it later, so put your car aside. Locate a blue
2x6 plate with four side studs on it and orient it horizontally so that the side studs are pointing
backwards. Locate two red translucent 1x1 round plates and place them onto the 2x6, one in the back
right corner, one in the back left corner. Locate two dark gray 1x1 round plates and place one directly in
front of each of the previous pieces. Locate two black 1x1 sloped tiles. Place the first one directly to the
right of the left previous piece, slope to the front. Locate a dark gray 1x2 grille tile and place it
horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece. Place the other black 1x1 sloped tile directly to the
right of the previous piece, slope to the front, directly to the left of a 1x1 round plate. Place this assembly
horizontally, centered, onto the side studs on the right side of your car, so that all of the 1x1 round plates
are pointing to the right, and the side studs are pointing up, directly to the right of all the other studs in
the large assembly, flush with the studs of the dark gray 1x4 brick.
14. Locate two blue 2x3 plates, and place them vertically, one behind the other, centered onto the 1x4
brick and the upward-facing side studs the bumper, with the fronts and backs resting on the ends of the
bumper which we just attached.
15. Locate two blue 1x3 tiles and place them horizontally onto the car. Place the first one on the front
row of the front 2x3, directly to the right of one of the 1x2 curved slopes. Place the second one on the
back row of the back 2x3, directly to the right of the other 1x2 curved slope.
16. Locate two white 1x2 slope tiles and place them vertically, one behind the other, sloping down to the
left, between the rightmost ends of the previous pieces.
17. Locate two more blue mudguards. Place the first one facing forward directly in front of the red 2x3
bricks’ left two columns, overhanging the axle, on the left side of the car. Place the second one facing
backwards directly behind the red 2x3's left two columns, overhanging the axle on the other end.
18. Locate two blue 1x3 tiles and place them horizontally, each directly to the left of each of the two 1x2
plates with one stud.
19. Locate a dark gray 1x4 brick with four side studs and place it vertically onto the green 2x4's leftmost
column centered, which is protruding to the left of the car, and place it so that the side studs are pointing
to the left.
20. Place a blue 1x6 plate vertically, centered, onto the previous piece, it front and back buttons
overhanging.
21. Locate two black 1x3 plates. Place the first one horizontally onto the second stud from the front of
the previous piece and the back row of the front mudguard. Place the second one horizontally onto the
second stud from the back of the 1x6 plate from the previous step and the front row of the back
mudguard.
22. Locate two white 1x2 grille tiles. Place each one horizontally, onto the right two studs of each of the
two previous pieces from the last step.
23. Locate a blue 2x6 plate with four side studs and orient it vertically, so that the side studs are pointing
right. Locate two blue 1x1 sloped tiles. Place the first one in the back right corner of the 2x6 sloping to
the back. Place the second one in the front right corner sloping forward.
24. Locate two white 1x1 round plates, and place them in the remaining two corners, to the left of the
previous two pieces. 
25. Locate two blue translucent 1x1 round tiles and place them each onto one of the two previous
pieces from the last step. These are the car's headlights.
26. Locate two white 1x2 curved slopes. Place the first one horizontally on the second row from the
back, sloping down to the left, off of the little ledge, directly in front of the previous pieces. Place the
second one horizontally on the second row from the front, sloping down to the left, of the little ledge,
directly behind the 1x1 round plates.
27. Place a dark gray 1x2 grille tile vertically between the right ends of the previous pieces.
28. Place two gray 1x1 clip pieces horizontally one behind the other, to the left of the previous piece.
29. Clip the large black bar grille into the clip pieces and fold it over the grilled tile. The front bumper is
finished! Well done!
30. Place this assembly onto the side studs on the left side of the car, flush with the front and back, grille
pointing to the left, side studs pointing up, bottom of the assembly flush.
31. Locate a blue 2x2 curved slope and put it onto the middle two side studs of the previous assembly
and the middle two studs of the 1x6 plate, sloping down left.
32. Locate two transparent 1x2 tiles and place them vertically onto the assembly. Place the first one
directly in front of the previous piece's front left end. They should only connect by one stud, and that's
OK. Place the second one vertically behind the piece from the last step's back left end.
33. Locate two blue 1x3 tiles. Place the first one horizontally onto the left stud of the front mudguard
piece, the front stud of the 1x6 piece, with its left end resting on the 1x2 tile. Place the second one
horizontally onto the left stud of the back mudguard piece, the back stud of the 1x6 piece, with its left
end resting on the 1x2 tile.
34. Place two white 1x2 stepped curved tiles horizontally each to the left of one of the two horizontal 1x2
grilled tiles, sloping to the left.
35. Locate two of the 4x1 windshield pieces. Place the first one sloping down to the left, directly to the
right of the two white horizontal grille tiles. Place the second one two studs to the right of the first one,
sloping down to the right, onto the insides of the mudguard pieces and the 1x6 plate.
36. Place a white sloped 4x4 tile onto the two previous pieces, sloping down to the left. This is the car's
roof. Place a blue translucent 4x1 tile vertically onto the right column of the previous piece. These are
the siren lights of the car.
37. Locate the four rims and the four tires. Insert the rims into the tires and place the wheels on the
axles. Make sure that the spokes of the rims are facing outward.
38. Locate the dark gray engine piece and place it into the 2x2 gap in the left end of the car, wide end
facing to the left.
That's it! You can put the flashlight into the hollow stud of the blue 2x1 plate with hollow stud at the front
of the car, stud facing forward. Notice how the roof for the police car can be removed to put the police
officer into the car. On the back of the instructions is an ad for this police car (set 60312), the Lego City
Ice Cream Truck Police Chase (set 60314) the Lego City Police Mobile Command Truck (Set 60315),
and the Lego City Police Station (60316) The back cover features an ad that says WIN! with a Minifigure
with a wrench and a pen in his pocket saying, "Complete a short survey to win! Visit
https://survey.medallia.com/legoproduct.
Thanks for building this set! For more text-based instructions visit legofortheblind.com.