60006 Police ATV
This set includes a Police ATV with steering wheel, movable lights, and handcuffs. It also includes a
wheelbarrow and some diamonds. The set includes two minifigures, a Police officer with a baseball cap,
and a robber with a crowbar.
Instruction art: An unshaven robber with a wheelbarrow full of diamonds and wielding a crowbar, is
chased by a policeman in a baseball cap, on an ATV, holding a pair of handcuffs.
First build the wheelbarrow, by putting a small rubber tire onto a double-sided button and insert it into the
clasps at the bottom. Put the jewels and the crowbar inside. Give it to the robber. The robber wears a
grey jump suit with black stripes, and a helmet with notched edges. He has a rope over his shoulder, on
which are a set of keys.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
§
Build the ATV:
1. Put a f6x2 hor on the table, and put 2 f2x2 axles underneath at the edges, ver.
2. Put a 2x2 on the right edge. Put a 2x2 with two 2x1 wings, ver to the left.
3. Put a f2x1 ver to the left. Put a f2x1 with two clasps ver to the left, clasps overhanging to the left.
4. Put a f1x1 with a clasp, hor clasp to the right, on the right front corner. Put an identical piece the same
way at the back.
5. Insert a walkie-talkie into one clasp, and the handcuffs into the other. Skip one column to the left, and
put a 2x1 slide ver there, slide to the left.
6. Put a fs2x1 with a curve hor to the front, curve to the right, putting the left end on the front wing.
Repeat symm at the back.
7. Put a f2x2 with smooth wings, ver, on the left edge, slides of the wings to the left.
8. Put a 2x1 slide ver on the left edge, slide to the left. Put the steering wheel, to the right of the PP.
wheel to the right.
9. Insert a smooth stick into the two clasps at the left edge. Put a fs2x1 with a frame, on top, ver, at the
right edge, in the middle. Lay momentarily aside.
10. Make a part Put a f1x1 on the table. Put a f1x1 with clasp on top, put a fs1x1 disk on top. Repeat to
make 2. Mount them on top of the frame, the disks to the left, on top.
1. Insert a f1x1 with a clasp, upright ver, onto the stick at the left edge, and mount a fs1x1 disk on its
button, the button to the left.
12. Make the tires onto the wheels and mount them onto the axles.
Enjoy
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
§
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.