41103 Pop Star Recording Studio
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
The box: The box features shots of Olivia singing into a mic, with a music stand, and holding a guitar. We
also see shots of the other friends, Mia, Stephanie, Andrea, Livi and Olivia.
Get ready to lay down some new tracks! Help Olivia get all the technical equipment in the production
room ready for Livi the pop star to come in and record her next big hit album. Now it’s time to head into
the recording booth to test out all the settings. Put Olivia’s headset on then grab the guitar, step up to the
microphone and have fun recording a demo. At the end of the song, press the button to eject the CD and
have a rest on the sofa with a drink and a magazine. You are all set for a great hit! Includes Olivia
mini-doll figure.
Build a mixer: Take a 2x2 cylinder. Put a 2x1 pew piece on its back two buttons hor. Take a 2x2 with a
horizontal bar and turn it so the bar is on top to the back. Put it into the pew. Put a fs2x1 (it is printed with
a yellow knob and a green knob) hor on its back buttons. Put 2 f1x1 buttons on the two front buttons. Put
aside.
Build the chair. Put a f2x1 on the two front buttons of f2x2 cylinder. Put a f2x1 with a handle to the back.
Turn the part so the handle is to the right. Put 2 fs2x1s hor on the 4 buttons. Make a part, take a 2x1 with
2 clasps and put it ver clasps to the left. Put 2 2x1 curves on the buttons of this piece curves to the right.
Connect the clasps the part you've just built (the back of the chair) to the rest of the chair.
Build a couch: Put a f6x2 hor on the table. Put f3x1 hor on the back row. Put a fs4x2 in the middle in the
front, protruding to the front. Put a f6x1 hor under the protrusion. Turn it upside down and put 4 1x1
buttons on its corners. Put a 4x2 smooth curve hor on the back row, curve to the front. Put the 2x1 curves
on the left, and right ends of the couch, leaving the front left and right buttons free. Put a glass on one
button, and a 2x2 magazine piece, on the couch. (It reads what's at the hears, has lines representing
articles, and shows a dog who has won first place in the Heartlake Dog Show.
Build a Video camera: First build the base/stand: Put an 8-handled wheel on the table. Put a fs2x2 disk
with one button on top. Put a 1x1 flower on top Then put a 1x1 candle-stick piece on top. Put a 1x1 button
on top, Put momentarily aside.
Build a camera: Put the 2x1 camera piece hor lens to the right. Put a f2x1 under the camera. Mount 2
fs2x1s hor on the sides. One of them features 2 rotating circles with x-s in them (I assume it's the actual
cassette/film) and the other fs2x1 is printed with 2 buttons, and 2 gauges with arrows in them. Put a 1x1
saucer on the lens and mount it. 
Build a music stand: Put a 1x1 flower on a 1x1 saucer, put a candlestick on top, put a 1xx1 with side
button on top, side button on top. Mount a 2x2 (sheet music which reads (the number after the note is the
octave number): g4 a4 b4 g4 c5 d5) Put a 1x1 button on top.
Build a mic stand: put a 1x1 button on a 1x1 saucer piece. Put a 1x1 flower on top. Put a 1x1 paddle
piece on top, button to the front. Put a 1x1 clasp on the button, vertically. Put the microphone into the
clasp.
Build the cd-player: Put a f8x2 ver on the table. Put a 4x1 with slot, hor on the back row, overhanging to
the left and right. Put a f4x1 to the front, overhanging like the pp. Put another rail piece symm to the front.
put a 2x1 with side hole hor to the front. Put a 6x2 ver to the front. Flip your part upside-down. Put a
f22x1-2x1 hinge. ver on the left edge at the front, the hinge to the left, overhanging to the front. Put a
white f2x1 ver to the right. Put a f3x1 ver at the left edge at the back and put one symm at the right. Flip
right-side up. Put a f3x2 ver at the front end. Put 2 f2x1s ver to the back of the pp, long side by long side.
Put a f3x2 ver to the back. Put aside. Put a f3x1 hor on the table. Put a fs4x1 with 2 buttons on top
overhanging to the left put a 2x1 with one button ver on the left, underneath, put a 1x1 button on the right
button. Put your part as is into the rails at the back. Pull it out. Put a 2x2 disk (printed with a CD, with a
red star in the middle, and 4 sections to look like it's spinning) in the left side of the rails, and push the
part at the right in, to eject it. Put momentarily aside. Put a 2x2 upside-down on the table. Open a moving
2x1-2x1 hinge, and put it hor the front row, hinge to the front, overhanging to the left. Put a f2x1 hor on
the back row. Turn it right-side-up and put a f3x2 hor on the 2x2 overhanging to the right. Turn your part
so that the f3x2 is to the front and put it in the 2x2 gap at the back of the cd-player, so that there's a free
row to the front. Take 3 4x1s and put them ver on the right edge, starting from the front. Put a f3x2 ver on
top of the cd player. Put a white f2x1 ver on top of the right edge at the front. Put a black f2x1 behind the
pp. Put a f2x1 with handle ver to the back, handle to the left. Put a black f2x1 ver to the back. Repeat. Put
a white f2x1 ver to the back. Put a 2x1 with side clasp ver on top of the right edge at the front, clasp to the
left. Repeat symm at the back. Stack 2 2x1s and put ver on top of the front clasp. Put 2 4x1 window
pieces ver to the back, sheer side to the left. Put a 2x2 with 2 side buttons on both sides at the back, side
buttons to the left and right. Put a 2x1 on top of the pp. Put 4 f1x4 pieces vertically on the right wall,
starting from the front. (They are purple) Take a smooth opaque pane piece and affix a sticker vertically
on it. (The sticker shows a shelf with two trophies, one shaped like a music note, the other shaped like a
crown or ship, and a potted plant on it. It also features an award, with the same red star as on the CD,
and another shooting star on the bottom, hanging above the shelf. Put the pane in frame. Put a f3x2 hor
on the table. Put two 1x1 fs corner pieces on the right edge of the pp so that they open to the left. Put the
frame ver sticker to the left, to the left, overhanging to the back. Install this part onto the hinge at the front
of your structure. Apply a small sticker to the door. (It shows an advertisement/poster The poster shows a
concert hall of 4 golden windows with rays, and stars, in it. a minifigure walks down the aisle of seats. The
poster reads Tour 2015 Heartlake.) Put the door in the frame so that it opens to the left and to the front. a
1x1 star piece onto the door handle. Put a f3x2 hor on the table. Turn the door ver, star to the left and put
it on the middle row, overhanging to the front. Put this part on the hinge at the back of your structure. Put
a f2x1 ver on top, at the back. Put a hinge ver to the front, hinge to the right. Repeat the two previous
steps symm at the front. Mount red and pink 1x1 buttons on the 2x1-2x1 corner piece. and mount it
behind the front hinge ver, buttons to the right. Put a 2x1-2x2 corner piece, behind the pp, 2x2 buttons to
the left. Put a f4x1 in front. Put a fs1x1 on the front end of your structure. Put a fs2x1 with one button ver
to the back, Put an fs1x1 to the back. Repeat symm at the back of your structure. Mount an electric guitar
neck diagonally up and to the right, in one of the 2x1 side buttons at the right back of your structure. Put 3
fs4x1s on top in the middle. Put 2 1x1 stars on the 1x1 buttons on the front and back ends of your
structure. Put aside.
Make a mixer. Put a f4x2 upside-down hor on the table. Put a f2x1 ver on the left edge, repeat on the
right. Put 2 f2x1s with clasps ver in the middle, clasps to the back. flip right-side-up. Put hor on the table,
clasps to the back. Put 2 1x1 buttons on the left edge. Put 2 fs2x1s ver to the right (the left one features
knobs, and the right one shows wave-form display.) Put a joystick on the right back button.
Build a wave-form display. Take a 2x1 handle and mount a fs2x2 with clasp on it. Apply a sticker to the
PP. (It features a waveform.) Mount this part to the left of the mixer. 
Build the speakers: (Note there are two so repeat this process twice)
Put a f2x1 with hook hor, hook to the back. Put a 2x1 with hole hor on top. Put a f2x1 on top. Put a 2x1
with hole on top. Put a fs2x1 on top. Put a 1x1 saucer rim to the front on the bottom hole, at the front. Put
a 1x1 button into the top hole. Repeat to make two speakers. Put them into the clasps, by putting the
hooks into the clasps.
Make two music notes, the symbol of this studio. Put a fs4x1 with two buttons hor on the table. Put a 3x1
ver on the left button, overhanging to the front, and turn it diagonally to the right. Repeat symm on the
other button. Make a part. Put a f2x2 disk on the table. Put a 2x1 ver on its left two buttons. Put a 1x1
buttons on the front right button. Repeat to make another such part. Mount the free button of the disks
onto the front buttons diagonal 3x1s. Put 2 fs2x2 disks on top. Cover with a fs4x1 with two buttons on the
back of this part. Mount the right disk on the 2x2 corner of your structure.
Enjoy.
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.