10750 Road Repair Truck
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are abbreviations defined at the end of this file.

Mystery Lego Juniors set Road Repair Truck with construction worker, cement mixer, and truck/trailer.
Build a minifig, he has a red construction hat, orange vest and a black shovel.
Put the car body hor on the table.
Put a steering wheel in the indent at the left and put the seat to the right.
Put a 2x4 to the left of the steering wheel, ver on the right edge.
Take 2 f4x1 with two buttons, and put them ver, long side by long side, to the right of the seat.
Put a 4x1 bench piece hor to the right of the 2x4 brick, seat to the front. Repeat symm at the back.
Put a 4x1 railing ver to the right of the seat.
Put a fs 2x1 ver upright on the left edge, at the front.
Put a fs2x2 with one button to the back and put another fs2x1 ver to the back as before.
Put a 4x1 windshield on the left edge of the structure.
Put a f4x4 dump-truck bed ver on the right end, diagonal lip of the bed to the right.
Put a 2x2 with ball-joint-holder hor on the right in the middle under the dump-truck bed, ball joint-holder
to the right.
Put a f4x1 on top of the windshield piece, ver.
Put a 1x1 cone on the front button, and another 1x1 cone on the back button of the pp.
Put a shovel and a jackhammer into the holes on the 4x1 railing at the back.
The truck is done!
Now make the trailer:
Take the trailer body and put the small wheels on it.
Put a 2x1 with ball hor on the left end, ball to the left.
Put a stepped 2x2curve hor on the buttons of the pp, curve to the right.
Put a 2x1 handle on the front row, hor slant to the front. Repeat symm at the back.
Take a f2x1 with handle and put it ver on the right end.
Make a part,
Take a 4x4 and put it on the table.
Take a fs4x2 with clasps and put it hor in the middle, clasps to the left.
Put a fs4x1hor to the front, and to the back. Make a part: (the trash-can-holder).
Take a f2x2 with axles.
Put the wheels on the axles.
Put a f4x2 hor on the top and overhanging to the right.
Take a 2x2 and put it on the right end of this part. 
Put a f2x1 ver on its left column.
Put a f2x1 with handles hor to the right, handles to the right.
Put a 2x2 with connector on top, connector to the right.
Take around 4x4 disk and mount it upright on the connector and the handles.
Put a 4x4 cone with hole on top of the PP.
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.