6401 Seaside Cabana
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
This beach scene from 1992 features a deck/veranda with a table with sunshade and two chairs, a mug,
a parrot, wind-surfing board with sail, foliage, and a small one-person motorboat. The set includes 2
minifigures, a man with a lifejacket, and a woman with a pony-tail.
Minifigures. The girl: The girl has a ponytail and bangs, her eyes have make-up with heavy eyelashes,
and lipstick with a red summer blouse with a blue bow on it.
1. Put the 2 pizza pieces side by side so they form a semi-circle.
2. Take a 2x2 cylinder and put it on the second row form the front, in the middle connecting the two
pieces. Put a 4x1 fence piece horizontally on the back row one column to the right from the left edge.
Repeat symmetrically at the right.
3. Put 2 tall 2x1 pieces vertically on the edge of your structure, to the left and right of the fence pieces
respectively. Put another 2x1 tall piece in the middle, between the fences one row to the front of the back
edge.
4. Take 2 6x1 arches and put them horizontally to connect the 2x1 tall pieces one row to the front from
the back edge. Take 2 2x2 seat pieces and put them in the middle, left and right of your structure at the
front, backs of the chairs to the back. Take a short pile and put it on the front left button of the 2x2
cylinder.
5. Take a leaf part and hold it horizontally, so that its point is to the right. Put it horizontally on the fifth
button from the left, at the back of your structure, so the fanned out pat of the leaf is to the left. Skip two
buttons to the right and repeat symmetrically with another leaf part. Take a 1x1 parrot and put it on the
right middle button, facing forward. Take a 1x1 mug piece it on the cylinder piece to the right of the pole,
on the cylinder's front right button.
6. Take the girl and put her in the left chair.
7. Take the man and give him the lifejacket. Make a watercraft: Take a f6x2 and put it horizontally on the
table. Put a f2x2 vertical on its right end. Put a 2x2 slope piece with two buttons vertical on the left end,
slope to the left. The slope is printed with a palm-tree-on-an-island design. Put a stepped 1x1 on the right
end, on the f2x1 at the front, step to the right. Repeat at the back. Flip your part over, front to back. Put
an f domed 2x2 on the left side. Put another domed f2x2 on the right front edge, with two buttons
overhanging to the front, repeat symmetrically at the back. Flip your part right-side up. Put a f2x1 ski
piece on the front buttons horizontally ski to the left and repeat symmetrically at the back. Put a f3x1
corner piece at the back right of your part braille letter f, repeat symmetrically at the front braille letter h.
Put a f2x1 in the middle of the previous part, vertical connecting the corner pieces. Put the 1x1 joystick on
the back button of the slope piece on the left. Put the man in this watercraft. Put the joystick in his hand.
Put that 1x1 saucer, (with a pink umbrella pattern, on the stick on the table of your main structure. Then
take a 1x1 pole with ball. Put a 1x1 stick into the pole's 1x1 button. Take the tail and hold it upright 
sharpest angle to the top. Put the bottom part of the sale with the round hole onto the ball at the bottom of
the stick. Put the top part of the sale onto the slot at hte top of the pole. Take a stick with the ring in the
middle hole, of the large pole so the ring is on the left, stick to the right, put the right hole of the sale onto
that stick. Attach the sail to the surfboard.
Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.