76917 Speed Champions 2 Fast 2 Furious Nissan Skyline GT-R (R34)
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
This buildable LEGO® Speed Champions Nissan Skyline GT-R (R34) replica model (76917) has been
inspired by the iconic car from the 2 Fast 2 Furious movie. Kids aged 9+, car lovers and fans of the
popular movie franchise can experience a rewarding build before proudly displaying this car toy or
recreating fast-paced street racing scenes.
A great gift for car lovers:
- This Fast & Furious toy is packed with authentic details from the real-life model, including iconic livery on
the side, a wing at the back, a grille on the front, impressive wheel arches and a nitro fuel canister on the
passenger seat. There is also a Brian O’Conner minifigure to place in the driver’s seat so car fans can
enjoy all-action role play.
Fast & Furious car toy:
- LEGO® Speed Champions 2 Fast 2 Furious Nissan Skyline GT-R (R34) model (76917) for kids, car
enthusiasts and fans of the 2 Fast 2 Furious movie
1 minifigure:
- The street racer model comes with a Brian O’Conner minifigure for kids to place behind the wheel and
recreate thrilling scenes from the famous movie franchise.
Authentic details:
- The model includes details inspired by the real-life version: iconic stripes on the side, a wing at the back,
a grille on the front and engine components on the passenger seat.
Play-and-display LEGO® car:
- This Nissan Skyline model provides a fun build and can be shown off on display or used to stage racing
action.
Collectible LEGO® gift:
- This 319-piece Speed Champions model kit can be given as a birthday gift or unexpected treat to kids
aged 9+, car enthusiasts and fans of the Fast & Furious movies.
Portable size:
- The 2 Fast 2 Furious Nissan Skyline GT-R (R34) model measures over 2 in. (5 cm) high, 6.5 in. (16 cm)
long and 2.5 in. (7 cm) wide and can be played with at home or taken on the go.
The box is black. On the front of the box, a silver coupe with dark blue stripes drives through a city
towards the left of the box. Brian O’Conner, the driver of the car, is a blonde man who sits on the right
hand side of the car. The car has a large blue spoiler at the back end. The upper right corner of the box
has the words “FAST & FURIOUS” and the lower right corner has the Nissan logo.
The top of the box shows a side view of the Nissan Skyline, as well as a life-sized view of one of the
wheels.
The back of the box has three images. The main image shows a rear view of the silver car drifting around
a corner. From this angle we can see the Florida license plate and a Toyo Tires sticker. The top right
image shows a still of the car from the movie. The bottom right image shows the interior of the LEGO
model. We can see the Brian O’Conner minifigure sitting behind a steering wheel. A silver bottle of nitrous
oxide (NOS) sits in the passenger seat. Brian uses this NOS bottle in the movie during races for an extra
speed boost!
The build is 319 pieces, and 108 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from Bricks for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up horizontally (left to right/side to side).
- Column: studs lined up upright or vertically (top to bottom/back to front).
§
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/76917) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with two bags labeled 1-2, a sticker sheet, a loose car base, and an instruction
booklet. Sort the pieces into groups as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the
same brick in a step, the colors will be split across two groups to make telling the difference easier for the
builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group
away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Bag 1 (13 groups of bricks)
Minifigure group 1 contains the pieces to build the Brian O’Conner minifigure as well as a wrench.
Main build:
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-8.
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 9-16.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 17-19.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 20-25.
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 26-33.
Group 6 contains the pieces for steps 34-36.
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 37-42
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 43-47. To help the builder differentiate colors, stack two light gray
1x1 plates together, but leave the transparent blue ones loose.
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 48-51.
Group 10 contains the pieces for steps 52-54.
Group 11 contains the pieces for steps 55-56.
Group 12 contains the pieces for step 57.
Bag 2 (13 groups of bricks)
Group 13 contains the pieces for steps 58-64.
Group 14 contains the pieces for steps 65-75.
Group 15 contains the pieces for steps 76-79.
Group 16 contains the pieces for step 80.
Group 17 contains the pieces for step 81.
Group 18 contains the pieces for steps 82-84.
Group 19 contains the pieces for steps 85-89.
Group 20 contains the pieces for steps 90-96. Stack two black 1x1 plates together, but leave the light
gray ones loose.
Group 21 contains the pieces for steps 97-101.3, as well as the blue pieces from step 101.4.
Group 22 contains the pieces for steps 101.4-103.
Group 23 contains the pieces for steps 104-107.
Group 24 contains the pieces for step 108.
§
Building Instructions:
Open bag 1.
Open minifigure group 1.
Assemble the Brian O’Conner minifigure by attaching the torso to the legs, putting the head on the torso,
and putting the hair on top. Brian wears gray pants, and a white tee shirt. His tee shirt is somewhat dirty
with grease stains. He has short blond hair and some stubble.
Main Build:
Open group 1.
1.1. Place a black 6x12 vehicle base, horizontally long, in front of you. This piece has a 5x4 rectangle of
recessed studs centered horizontally on it. This is the chassis of the car.
1.2. Place a blue 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long, on the back two studs on the rightmost column of
recessed studs on the previous piece. A jumper plate is a 1x2 plate with a single stud on top, or a 1x3
plate with only two studs on top. The side with the jumper plate is the trunk side of the car.
2. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with rounded ends, horizontally long, in front of the previous piece so it
extends one stud to the left. Place another in front of the first, and place a third in front of the second.
3. Keeping the chassis horizontally long and the trunk on the right, flip the car over so the studs are on
the bottom. Place a black 2x6 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the second and third
columns of anti-stud from the left side of the car. “Anti-stud” is a term for the portion of a LEGO piece
which accepts studs, like the bottom of a plate. Place another on the right side of the car.
4. Keeping the chassis horizontally long, flip the chassis over, but now place the trunk side on your left.
Place a dark gray 1x2 plate with rounded ends, horizontally long, on the right two studs on the back row
of recessed studs on the chassis. Place another in front of the first, and a third in front of the second.
5.1. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with a stud hanging down from one side, with the side stud at the front,
on the front stud of the third column from the right end of the chassis. Place another symmetrically on the
rear stud of the same column.
5.2. Place a blue 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long, behind the front piece from the previous step. Place
another behind the first.
6.1. Place a blue 2x4 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, to the right of the two pieces from the
previous step so it is even with the right edge of the chassis. The side with this blue 2x4 plate is the
engine side of the car.
6.2. Place a black 1x1 thick plate in front of the left column of the previous piece. Place another
symmetrically on the back side.
7.1. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with a stud hanging down from one side, with the side stud at the front,
on the front stud of the third column from the left end of the chassis. Place another symmetrically on the
rear stud of the same column.
7.2. Place a light gray 2x2 tile behind the front piece from the previous step so it extends one stud to the
left. Place another behind the first.
8. Place a black 2x3 plate, horizontally long, under the front two anti-stud on the leftmost column of the
chassis so it overhangs two columns to the left. Place another behind the first.
Open group 2
9.1. Place a yellow 1x4 plate, vertically long, on the second column from the left on the previous two
pieces.
9.2. Place a black 1x1 thick plate on the front stud of the fourth stud from the left. Place another on the
back side.
10.1. Place a light gray 2x2 corner plate, oriented like a braille letter J, on the second and third columns
from the left so there are two exposed rows of studs behind it. Place another symmetrically behind it.
10.2. Place a transparent gray 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side at the front, on the front stud of the
leftmost column of the chassis. Place another symmetrically on the back side.
11.1. Find a dark gray 2x6 plate with a 1x2 brick with an axle hole on each short side. Place this, vertically
long, on the second and third anti-stud columns from the left on the chassis from the bottom. The studs
on top of this piece should be even with the top of the studs behind it.
11.2. Push a tan 2L axle/pin combo, with the axle side at the back, into the front axle hole of the previous
piece, pushing it in from the front. Place another symmetrically on the back side. These will mount the
back wheels of the car!
12.1. Keeping the trunk side at the left, flip the chassis over so the studs are on the bottom. Place a
transparent blue 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the front two anti-stud on the left column of the chassis.
Place another behind the first.
12.2. Place a transparent blue 1x2 plate, horizontally long, on the front row of the chassis, to the right of
the dark gray 2x6 plate with a 1x2 brick with an axle hole on each short side. Place another to the right of
the first. Repeat these two pieces on the back side of the car.
13. Keeping the trunk side at the left, flip the chassis over so the studs are on top again. Place a light gray
1x2 brick with a pin hole on one side, and a 1x2 plate on the other, centered vertically with the pin hole at
the left, on the left two columns of the chassis.
14.1. Place a light gray 2x2 corner plate, oriented like a braille letter D, to the right of the front stud of the
brick portion of the previous piece so it extends one stud to the right and one stud in front of the previous
piece. Place another symmetrically behind the first.
14.2. Place a brown 1x1 round plate with a short bar on one side, with the bar on the left, in front of the
left stud of the front piece from the previous step. Place another behind the left stud of the back piece
from the previous step.
15.1. Place a yellow 1x4 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the second column from the left
on the chassis. It should attach to the two pieces from the previous step.
15.2. Place a blue 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long and centered vertically, to the left of the previous
piece.
16.1. Place a light gray 4x2x2 arched mudguard with a left blue stripe pattern, with the arch at the front,
on the left three studs on the front row so that the mudguard is even with the left end of the chassis.
16.2. Place a transparent blue 1x1 plate on the second stud from the front on the leftmost column of the
build. This is the back left stud of the previous piece.
Open group 3.
17.1. Place a light gray 4x2x2 arched mudguard with a right blue stripe pattern, with the arch at the back,
on the left three studs on the back row so that the mudguard is even with the left end of the chassis.
17.2. Place a transparent blue 1x1 plate on the second stud from the back on the leftmost column of the
build. This is the front left stud of the previous piece.
18.1. Place a light gray 2x2 corner plate, oriented like a braille letter H, on the previous piece so it
extends one stud in front and one stud to the right of the previous piece. Place another symmetrically on
the front side of the chassis.
18.2. Place a transparent blue 1x2 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, between the right studs of
the previous two pieces.
19. Place a blue 1x3 plate, vertically long, on the front three studs on the leftmost column of the chassis.
Place another on the back side of the chassis.
Open group 4.
20.1. Now we’ll build the car’s rear bumper! Set the chassis aside for now. Place a black 1x5 plate
horizontally long in front of you.
20.2. Place a dark gray 1x1x2 tall brick with two studs on one side, with the side studs at the front, on the
third stud from the left on the previous piece.
21.1. Place a blue 1x1 brick with a stud on one side, with the side stud at the left, in front of you.
21.2. Attach a light gray 1x1 headlight brick, with the side stud on the left, to the side studs of the previous
piece. A headlight brick is a 1x1 brick with a recessed side stud on one side and a square hole on the
opposite side. The square hole can accept studs just like an anti-stud.
21.3. Repeat the previous steps to make two small assemblies. Place one, with the headlight brick on the
left, on the left two studs of the 1x5 plate. Place the other symmetrically on the right side of the 1x5 plate.
22. Place a yellow 1x2 plate with a vertical clip on one long side, with the clip at the back, on the left two
studs on the bumper. Place another, in the same orientation, on the right side.
23.1. Place a blue 1x3 plate, horizontally long, on the right piece from the previous step so it overhangs
one stud to the right. Place another symmetrically on the left side of the bumper.
23.2. Place a transparent blue 1x1 plate on to the right anti-stud on the right piece from the previous step.
Place another on the left anti-stud on the left piece from the previous step.
24. Keeping it horizontally long, flip the bumper over so the studs are down. Place a light gray 1x1
headlight brick, with the side stud on top, onto the left side stud on the bumper. Place another
symmetrically on the right side of the bumper.
25. Place a light gray 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cut out at the back, on the left piece from the
previous step so it extends one stud to the front. Place another on the right side of the bumper.
Open group 5.
26.1. Set the bumper aside for now. Place a black 2x2 tile with two studs, with studs at the back, in front
of you.
26.2. Place a black 1x5 plate, horizontally long, on the previous piece, even with the right edge of the
previous piece so it overhangs three studs to the left.
27. Place a black 2x2 tile with two studs, with the studs at the back, on the second and third anti-stud of
the previous piece.
28.1. Place a black 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the anti-stud to the left of the previous piece.
28.2. Place a metallic gray 1x1 circular plate on the front stud of the previous piece. This is where the
car’s exhaust pipe will attach.
29. Place a black 1x5 plate, horizontally long, on the back row of the assembly.
30.1. Place a light gray 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the leftmost stud of the
previous piece so it overhangs one stud to the left. Place another symmetrically on the right side.
30.2. Place a light gray 1x1 headlight brick, with the side stud on top and the regular stud at the back, on
the anti-stud of the left piece from the previous step. Place another on the right side.
31.1. Place a light gray 1x3 tile, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the back row of the
assembly.
31.2. Make the exhaust pipe by placing a metallic gray 1L liftarm on the 1x1 circular plate on the front left
of the assembly. A 1L liftarm looks just like a small cylinder. Rotate this assembly so it is vertically long,
with the exhaust pipe on the bottom and pointing to the left.
32. Place the rest of the bumper in front of you, with the studs on top and the two clips on the right. Attach
the assembly with the exhaust pipe to the two side studs on the left of the main bumper assembly so that
the front and back edges of the two assemblies are even.
33. Place the rest of the chassis in front of you, with the trunk at the left. This is the side that has the
mudguards on it. Attach the bumper to the chassis by clipping the two clips on the right side of the
bumper to the two short bars on the left side of the chassis.
Open group 6.
34. Place a blue 1x3 plate, horizontally long and centered vertically, on the left two columns of the
chassis. It should extend one stud onto the sideways plates on the bumper, and the right edge should
touch a 1x2 plate.
35.1. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with two studs on one long side, with the side studs at the left, in front of
the middle stud of the 1x3 plate from the previous step. Place another, in the same orientation, behind the
1x3 plate from the previous step.
35.2. Place a white 1x2 plate with rounded ends on the side studs of each of the two pieces from the
previous step.
36.1. Place a black 1x5 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the two 1x2 plates with two studs
on one long side from step 35.1.
36.2. Place a transparent red 1x1 circular tile to the right of the center stud of the previous piece.
36.3. Place a light gray 1x1 plate to the left of the center stud of the 1x5 plate from step 36.1.
Open group 7.
37.1. Place a transparent red 1x1 plate on the previous piece.
37.2. Place a light gray 1x3 jumper plate, vertically long and centered vertically, to the right of the
previous piece.
38.1. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with a stud hanging down from one side, with the side stud on the top
and the normal stud on the left, onto the back left-facing side stud of the front 1x2 plate with rounded
ends from step 35.2. Place another in the same orientation on the back side.
38.2. Place a transparent red 1x1 circular plate in front of the front piece from the previous step. Place
another on the back side. These are the small tail lights on the Nissan Skyline. In the next step, we’ll
make them look a bit smaller.
39.1. Find two light gray minifigure neck brackets. These look like a very thin 1x2 plate with a hole
hanging down on one side. Attach the hole side, with the stud on top at the right, onto the front piece from
the previous step. Place another, in the same orientation, on the back piece from the previous step.
39.2. Place a light gray 1x3 tile, vertically long, on the side studs between the pieces from the previous
step.
40. This step just tells you to place a sticker and can be ignored.
41.1. Now we’ll make the large tail lights of the car! Place a dark gray 1x1 brick with a stud on two
adjacent sides in front of you, with a side stud at the front and the left.
41.2. Using the square hole on the side, attach a light gray 1x1 headlight brick, with the side stud at the
left and the stud on the top, onto the left side stud of the previous piece.
41.3. Attach a transparent red 1x1 circular tile onto the side stud of the previous piece.
41.4. Attach this assembly, with the circular tile on the left, onto the left two studs on the front row of the
car.
42.1. Place a light gray 2x2 corner tile with a sticker, with the open square at the bottom left, on the top
left side stud on the front side of the car so it is even with the top of the car.
42.2. Place a light gray 2x2 angled corner tile with a sticker, with the angle at the bottom left, below the
previous piece. It should interlock with the previous piece. These two stickers have a blue and gray stripe
pattern along them, which matches the pattern of the mudguard.
Open group 8. There are two 1x1 plates stuck together and four loose. The ones stacked together are
light gray and the loose ones are transparent blue.
43.1. Keeping the studs on top, rotate the car 180 degrees so the trunk is on the right. Place a dark gray
1x1 brick with a stud on two adjacent sides in front of you, with a side stud at the front and the right.
43.2. Using the square hole on the side, attach a light gray 1x1 headlight brick, with the side stud at the
right and the stud on the top, onto the right side stud of the previous piece.
43.3. Attach a transparent red 1x1 circular tile onto the side stud of the previous piece.
43.4. Attach this assembly, with the circular tile on the right, onto the right two studs on the front row of
the car.
44.1. Place a light gray 2x2 corner tile with a sticker, with the open square at the bottom right, on the top
right side stud on the front side of the car so it is even with the top of the car.
44.2. Place a light gray 2x2 angled corner tile with a sticker, with the angle at the bottom right, below the
previous piece. It should interlock with the previous piece. These two stickers have a blue and gray stripe
pattern along them, which matches the pattern of the mudguard.
45.1. Place a blue 1x4 plate with a 1x4x1 curved slope on one side, centered vertically with the curve at
the left, on the fourth and fifth columns from the right.
45.2. Find the front mudguard on the right side of the car. Place a transparent blue 1x1 plate on the back
stud on the left row of the mudguard. This stud is two plates lower than the front stud of the mudguard.
Place another on the rear mudguard.
46.1. Place a black 2x6 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the third and fourth columns from
the right.
46.2. Place a transparent blue 1x1 plate to the left of the front row of the previous piece. Place another on
the back side of the car.
46.3. Place a light gray 1x1 plate on the front left stud of the front mudguard. Place another on the back
left stud on the back mudguard.
47.1. Place a black 1x1 tile onto the side stud of a light gray 1x1 headlight brick. Repeat this one more
time.
47.2. Place one of these assemblies, with the tile at the back, behind the previous piece. Repeat this
symmetrically on the back side.
Open group 9.
48.1. Place a dark gray 1x1x2 tall brick with two studs on one side, with the side studs at the front, to the
left of the front piece from the previous step. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the car.
48.2. Place a transparent blue 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the second and third studs from the front on
the column to the left of the pieces from the previous step. Place another behind the first.
49. Place a black 1x2 plate with two studs hanging down from one long side, with the side studs on the
left, on the front piece from the previous step. Place another behind the first.
50.1. Place a transparent blue 1x2 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the two pieces from
the previous step so it attaches to both of them.
50.2. Place a black 1x1 thick stud on the front row in front of the pieces we’ve been working on for the
past three steps. Place another on the back row.
51.1. Place a blue 1x1 plate with a stud on one side, with the side stud on the left, behind the front piece
from the previous step. Place another in front of the back piece from the previous step.
51.2. Place a light gray 1x1 tile on the top stud of the front piece from the previous step. Place another on
the back piece.
Open group 10
52.1. Place a light gray 1x1 headlight brick, with the side stud at the left, in front of the front piece from the
previous step. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the car.
52.2. Place a black 1x1 tile on the side stud of the front piece from the previous step. Place another on
the side stud of the back piece.
53.1. Place a light gray 1x3 tile, vertically long and centered vertically, on the rightmost column of the car.
53.2. Place a light gray 2x2 tile in front of the piece from the previous step so it extends one stud to the
left of it. Place another symmetrically on the back.
54. Place a light gray 1x2 slope tile, with the thick side at the back, on the front row to the left of the front
piece from the previous step. Place another to the left of the first. Repeat these two pieces symmetrically
on the back side of the car.
Open group 11.
55.1. There should be a 1x6 row of studs behind the front pieces from the previous step, and another 1x6
row in front of the back pieces. Place a light gray 1x1 tile on the rightmost stud of each of these rows.
55.2. Place two black 1x5 plates, horizontally long, one to the left of each of the pieces from the previous
step.
56.1. Place a light gray 1x8 tile with a sticker, horizontally long, in front of you.
56.2. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with two studs on one long side, with the side studs at the front, on the
leftmost two anti-stud of the previous piece. Place three more, in the same orientation, in a horizontal row
to the left of the first so that there is a 1x8 row of side studs at the front of the assembly.
56.3. Rotate the assembly we just made so the tile is at the front and the side studs are at the bottom.
Attach it to the 1x8 row of side studs on the front of the car. Now rotate the car 180 degrees so the trunk
is on your left.
Open group 12.
57.1. Place a light gray 1x8 tile with a sticker, horizontally long, in front of you.
57.2. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with two studs on one long side, with the side studs at the front, on the
leftmost two anti-stud of the previous piece. Place three more, in the same orientation, in a horizontal row
to the left of the first so that there is a 1x8 row of side studs at the front of the assembly.
57.3. Rotate the assembly we just made so the tile is at the front and the side studs are at the bottom.
Attach it to the 1x8 row of side studs on the front of the car. Rotate the 180 degrees so the trunk is on
your right.
Open bag 2.
Open group 13.
58.1. Place a dark gray 2x6 plate with a 1x2 brick with an axle hole on each short side, vertically long, on
the leftmost column of anti-stud so it overhangs one stud to the left of the chassis. The bottom of this
piece should be even with the bottom of the car.
58.2. Push a tan 2L axle/pin combo, with the axle side at the back, into the front axle hole of the previous
piece, pushing it in from the front. Place another symmetrically on the back side.
59.1. Place a dark gray 1x6 plate, vertically long, on the third column from the left.
59.2. Place a yellow 1x4 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the leftmost column of the car.
60. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with two studs hanging down from one long side, with the side studs at
the left, on the front two studs of the previous piece. Place another behind the first.
61.1. Place a blue 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the previous two pieces.
61.2. Place a light gray 2x2 corner plate, oriented like a braille letter J, on the second and third studs from
the front on the left two columns. It should wrap around the front stud of the previous piece. Place another
symmetrically behind the first.
61.3. Place a black 1x6 tile, vertically long and centered vertically, on the side studs on the left side of the
car.
62.1. Place a black 1x2 tile with a sloping handlebar, vertically long with the slope on the left, on the
second column from the right. This column only has two studs.
62.2. Place a black 1x2 tile, vertically long and centered vertically, on the fourth column from the right.
There should be one column between this piece and the piece from the previous step.
63.1. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with an oval shaped fence on top, vertically long and centered vertically,
on the eighth column from the right. This is the last column that is higher than the left side of the car.
63.2. Place a transparent gray 1x2 brick, horizontally long, in front of the previous piece so it extends one
stud to the right of the previous piece. Place another on the back side.
64.1. Place a light gray 1x3 slope with a sticker, with the slope on the right and the sticker at the front, to
the right of the front piece from the previous step.
64.2. Place another light gray 1x3 slope with a sticker, symmetrically on the back side of the car.
Open group 14.
65.1. Now we’ll build the NOS bottles and the back of the driver’s seat. Set the rest of the car aside for
now. Place a black 1x5 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
65.2. Place a black 1x1 plate centered horizontally long on the previous piece.
66. Place a light gray 2x2 curved slope tile, with the cut out at the back, on the right two studs of the 1x5
plate so it overhangs one row to the front. This is the back of the driver’s seat, and it has a blue and black
cushion pattern on it.
67.1. Place a silver 1x1 circular brick on the left stud of the 1x5 plate. Place another to the right of the
first. These are the NOS bottles!
67.2. Place a black 1x1 plate to the right of the previous piece. It should go on top of another 1x1 plate.
68.1. Place a black 1x1 half cylinder tile, with the flat sides on the left and right, on the previous piece.
This and the two 1x1 plates are the center console.
68.2. Place two silver 1x1 circular tiles with a vertical bar on top, one on each of the NOS bottles.
69.1. Place two purple 1x1 flower plates, with the studs down, onto each of the previous pieces, attaching
the hollow stud of the flower plate onto the bar. These are the valve handles on the NOS bottles that
Brian O’Conner can turn to open the NOS bottles to get a boost!
70. Place the car back in front of you, with the trunk at the right. Rotate the NOS/Seat assembly so the
NOS bottles are at the front and the seat back is at the back, extending upwards. Find the six side studs
facing to the left, on the eight column from the right on the car. Attach the NOS/Seat assembly, centered
vertically, onto the bottom 1x4 row of side studs.
71.1. Now we’ll make the last NOS bottle. Place a black 1x1 plate in front of you.
71.2. Place a silver 1x1 circular brick on the previous piece.
71.3. Place a silver 1x1 circular tile with a vertical bar on top, on the previous piece.
71.4. Place a purple 1x1 flower plate, with the studs down, on the previous piece, attaching the hollow
stud of the flower plate onto the bar.
71.5. Attach the NOS bottle to the last side stud on the eighth column from the right. It should be right
above the other NOS bottles.
72.1. Now we’ll make the shifter. Push a dark gray 2L bar with a stop ring in the center down into the
hollow stud to the left of the center console.
72.2. Place a black 1x1 half cylinder tile, with the flat sides at the front and back, to the left of the previous
piece.
73.1. Place a blue 1x3 plate, vertically long and centered vertically, on the fourth column from the left.
73.2. Place a black 1x2 tile, vertically long and centered vertically, to the right of the previous piece.
73.4. Place a blue 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long, in front of the previous piece. Place another behind
the previous piece.
74.1. Place a transparent gray 1x2 brick, vertically long,to the right of the back piece from the previous
step.
74.2. Place a black 1x2 tile with a steer wheel, with the wheel at the right, on the previous piece.
75.1. Place a transparent gray 1x2 brick, vertically long, on the front two studs on the sixth column from
the left.
75.2. Place a black 1x2 slope tile with a sticker, with the thick side at the left, on the previous piece. This
sticker shows the pressure gauges for the NOS bottles so Brian can see how much boost he has left!
Open group 15.
76. Place a black 1x1 headlight brick, with the side stud on top and the top stud at the front, on the fourth
stud from the left on the front row. Place another symmetrically on the back row.
77.1. Place a black 1x1 plate with two studs on one side, with the side studs on the right, centered
vertically between the two pieces from the previous step.
77.2. Place a blue 1x2 tile with a sticker on the side studs of the previous piece. These are displays
showing the performance of the car.
78. Place a black 2x2 corner brick, oriented like a braille letter D, in front of the previous two pieces. Place
another symmetrically behind them.
79. Place a black 1x2 slope tile with a sticker on one side, with the thick side at the right, on the right
column of the front piece from the previous step. Place another, without a sticker, on the back piece from
the previous step.
Open group 16.
80.1. Now we’ll build the first door. Set the rest of the car aside for now. Place a light gray 2x8 plate,
horizontally long, in front of you.
80.2. Place a light gray 2x2 corner tile with a sticker, oriented like a braille letter D, on the right two
columns of the previous piece. This sticker has a small orange reflector on it.
80.3. Place a light gray 2x6 tile with a sticker, horizontally long, to the left of the previous piece. This
sticker continues some of the blue stripes, which gradually taper away to the back on the right side of the
sticker.
80.4. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with a stud on one side, with the side stud at the front, on the front row
to the right of the previous piece.
80.5. Place a light gray 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the bottom left, on the side stud of the
previous piece. This is the rear view mirror.
80.6. Now place the rest of the car in front of you, with the trunk on the right. Rotate the door so the mirror
is at the top left. Attach the door to the side studs on the front of the car. The right side of the door should
touch the right wheel well.
Open group 17.
81.1. Now we’ll build the second door! Set the rest of the car aside for now. Place a light gray 2x8 plate,
horizontally long, in front of you.
81.2. Place a light gray 2x2 corner tile with a sticker, oriented like a braille letter F, on the left two columns
of the previous piece. This sticker has a small orange reflector on it.
81.3. Place a light gray 2x6 tile with a sticker, horizontally long, to the right of the previous piece. This
sticker is the mirror of the other door.
81.4. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with a stud on one side, with the side stud at the front, on the front row
to the left of the previous piece.
81.5. Place a light gray 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the bottom right, on the side stud of the
previous piece.
81.6. Now place the rest of the car in front of you, with the trunk on the left. Rotate the door so the mirror
is at the top right. Attach the door to the side studs on the front of the car. The left side of the door should
touch the left wheel well. Rotate the car 180 degrees so the trunk is at the right again.
Open group 18.
82.1. Place a light gray 1x1 plate, centered vertically, on the leftmost column.
82.2. Place a blue 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long, on the second and third studs from the front to the
right of the previous piece. Place another to the right of the first. Place two more behind the first pair.
83.1. Place a black 1x5 plate horizontally long in front of you.
83.2. Place a light gray 1x1 plate on the rightmost stud of the previous piece.
83.3. Place a light gray 1x1 tile to the left of the previous piece.
83.4. Place this whole assembly, in the same orientation, centered vertically on the car so it overhangs
one stud to the left.
84.1. Now we need to work on the wheel wells. Set the body of the car aside. Place a light gray 4x2x2
arched mudguard in front of you, with the mud guard at the back.
84.2. Place a light gray 1x1 tile on the leftmost stud on the back row.
84.3. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with two studs hanging down on one side, with the side studs on the
right, on the rightmost stud on the back row.
84.4. Place a light gray 1x1 brick with a stud on one side, with the side stud at the front, on the rightmost
stud on the front row.
84.5. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with two studs sticking up from one side, with the side studs at the right,
on the anti-stud under the previous piece.
84.6. Rotate the wheel well 90 degrees so the side studs are at the front. Place a light gray 2x2 corner
plate, oriented like braille letter H, on the side studs.
84.7. Place a transparent gray 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side on the left, on the top right side stud on
the wheel well assembly. Place another, in the same orientation, to the left of the first. These are the
headlights on one side of the car.
84.8. Now place the car back in front of you, with the trunk at the right. Rotate the wheel well assembly so
the headlight is at the left and the mudguard is at the front. Attach it to the front row of the car so its right
side touches the left side of the door.
Open group 19.
85.1. Now to make the other wheel well. Set the body of the car aside. Place a light gray 4x2x2 arched
mudguard in front of you, with the mud guard at the back.
85.2. Place a light gray 1x1 tile on the rightmost stud on the back row.
85.3. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with two studs hanging down on one side, with the side studs on the left,
on the leftmost stud on the back row.
85.4. Place a light gray 1x1 brick with a stud on one side, with the side stud at the front, on the leftmost
stud on the front row.
85.5. Place a light gray 1x1 plate with two studs sticking up from one side, with the side studs at the left,
on the anti-stud under the previous piece.
85.6. Rotate the wheel well 90 degrees so the side studs are at the front. Place a light gray 2x2 corner
plate, oriented like braille letter J, on the side studs.
85.7. Place a transparent gray 1x1 slope tile, with the thick side on the right, on the top left side stud on
the wheel well assembly. Place another, in the same orientation, to the right of the first.
85.8. Now place the car back in front of you, with the trunk at the right. Rotate the wheel well assembly so
the headlight is at the left and the mudguard is at the back. Attach it to the back row of the car so its right
side touches the left side of the door.
86.1. Place a light gray 1x2 brick with two studs on one side, with the side studs at the front, in front of
you.
86.2. Place a light gray 1x4 tile, horizontally long, on the side studs of the previous piece so it overhangs
two studs to the left.
86.3. Place this assembly, with the tile at the front, to the right of the back wheel well.
86.4. Place a light gray 1x2 brick with two studs on one side, with the side studs at the front, in front of
you.
86.5. Place a light gray 1x4 tile, horizontally long, on the side studs of the previous piece so it overhangs
two studs to the right.
86.6. Rotate this assembly 180 degrees so the tile is at the back, and place it to the right of the front
wheel well.
87.1. Place a yellow 1x2 plate with a 1L bar on one short side, with the bar on the left, on the second and
third studs from the left in front of the back sideways tile from step 86.3. Place another behind the front
sideways tile from step 86.6.
87.2. Place two blue 1x2 jumper plates, horizontally long, one on each of the two pieces from the
previous step.
88. Place a light gray 1x3 jumper plate, horizontally long, between the two pieces from the previous step
so it extends all the way to the left end of the car. Place another, vertically long and centered vertically, on
the fifth column from the left.
89. Place a light gray 2x2 triangular tile, with the corner at the top right, on the side stud to the left of the
sideways 1x4 tile in front of the back wheel well. Place another on the front side.
Open group 20. This group contains two 1x1 plates that are stuck together, and three that are loose. The
loose ones are light gray and the others are black.
90.1. Now we’ll work on the body under the headlights. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with two studs
hanging down from one long side, with the side studs at the front, in front of you.
90.2. Place a light gray 1x1 plate on the left side stud of the previous piece.
90.3. Place a black 1x1 plate to the right of the previous piece.
90.4. Place a light gray 2x2 right wedge plate, with the studs at the bottom and the thick side at the right,
on the previous two pieces.
90.5. Rotate the assembly so the previous piece is at the bottom, with the studs facing down and the thick
side of the wedge plate at the front. Attach it to the two studs underneath the headlights on the back left
side of the car.
91.1. Now to do the front side. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with two studs hanging down from one long
side, with the side studs at the front, in front of you.
91.2. Place a light gray 1x1 plate on the right side stud of the previous piece.
91.3. Place a black 1x1 plate to the left of the previous piece.
91.4. Place a light gray 2x2 left wedge plate, with the studs at the bottom and the thick side at the left, on
the previous two pieces.
91.5. Rotate the assembly so the previous piece is at the bottom, with the studs facing down and the thick
side of the wedge plate at the back. Attach it to the two studs underneath the headlights on the front side
of the car.
92.1. Place a light gray 1x1 plate in front of you.
92.2. Place a light gray 1x2 curved slope tile with a sticker, with the cut out on the right, on the previous
piece so it overhangs the previous piece by one stud to the left. This sticker shows a small orange
rectangle representing the car’s turn signal.
92.3. Rotate the turn signal assembly so the curved slope tile is on the left and the plate is at the front.
Attach it to the two studs underneath the headlights on the back side of the car.
92.4. Place a light gray 1x1 plate in front of you.
92.5. Place a light gray 1x2 curved slope tile with a sticker, with the cut out on the left, on the previous
piece so it overhangs the previous piece by one stud to the right.
92.6. Rotate the turn signal assembly so the curved slope tile is on the left and the plate is at the back.
Attach it to the two studs underneath the headlights on the front side of the car.
93.1. Now we’re going to make the front of the car, including the radiator. Place the rest of the car aside
for now. Place a blue 1x3 plate horizontally long in front of you.
93.2. Place a black 1x2 blaster with studs on five sides and a handle, with the handle at the back, on the
leftmost stud of the previous piece.
94. Place another black 1x2 blaster with studs on five sides and a handle, in the same orientation, on the
rightmost stud of the 1x3 plate.
95. Push two yellow bar connectors with a clip on one side, one onto each of the handles. The flat sides
of the clip holders should be on the left and right sides.
96. Place a light gray 1x3 wall panel with stickers, with the wall at the front, on the front row of top studs
on the assembly. This piece has a sticker on the top of the thin wall piece which is blue and gray stripes.
There is also a black sticker on the tile portion representing the radiator.
Open group 21.
97. Place a light gray 1x3 wall panel with stickers, with the wall at the back, behind the previous piece.
This piece has a black sticker on the tile portion representing the radiator, and a blue stripe sticker on top
of the wall portion.
98. Rotate the entire assembly so the first wall panel is on the bottom, and the two clips are on the top at
the back. Place a black 1x3 plate with a “GT R” pattern, horizontally long, on the studs on the top of the
assembly. The print should be at the front.
99. Place a light gray 2x3 pentagonal tile, with the pointed end at the top, on the right side studs so that it
is even with the bottom and back of the assembly. Place another on the left side.
100. Place the car in front of you, with the trunk at the back. Attach the two clips on the radiator to the two
1L bars from step 87.1, which are located on the second row from the front. Make sure the radiator is
hinged all the way down so the bottom is even with the bottom of the car.
101.1 Now we’ll make the hood! Set the car aside for now. Place a light gray 3x3 plate in front of you.
101.2. Place a blue 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, on the leftmost stud on the back row
of the previous piece, so it overhangs one stud to the left. Place another, in the same orientation, on the
leftmost stud on the front row.
101.3. Place two blue 1x3 tiles, horizontally long, one to the right of each of the two pieces from the
previous step so they overhang one stud to the right.
101.4. Place a light gray 1x3 plate, vertically long, on the anti-stud of the previous two pieces.
Open group 22.
101.5. Place a light gray 1x3 tile, horizontally long, between the two blue 1x3 tiles.
101.6. Place a light gray 1x2 curved slope tile, with the cutout at the right, to the left of the previous piece.
101.7. Now, place the car in front of you again, with the trunk at the right. Place the hood, centered
vertically with the curved slopes at the left, onto the open space on the left side of the car just to the left of
a vertical 1x3 jumper plate.
102.1. Now we’ll build the car’s rear wing, set the rest of the car aside for now. Place a black 1x2 plate
with two vertical clips on one long side, with the clips at the front, in front of you.
102.2. Place a black 2x2 corner plate, oriented like a braille letter F, on the right stud of the previous
piece so it overhangs one column to the left. Place another symmetrically to the left of the first.
102.3. Place a blue 2x6 tile, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the previous pieces.
102.4. Place a blue 1x2 plate with two studs on one long side, with the side studs on the right, on the right
column of anti-stud on the previous piece. Place another symmetrically on the left side of the wing.
102.5. Place a blue 1x2 plate with a rail on one long side, with the rail at the bottom, on the right side
studs on the wing. Place another on the left side of the wing.
102.6. Now we’ll attach the wing, place the car in front of you, with the trunk on the right. Rotate the wing
so it is vertically long with the tile on top, and attach the clips on the wing to the bar on the right side of the
car. The wing can rotate up or down, rotate it so it is parallel with the bottom of the car.
103.1. Now we’ll build the rear window. Set the rest of the car aside for now. Place a transparent gray
5x4x2 windshield in front of you, with the slope at the right.
103.2. Place a light gray 1x4 tile, vertically long, on the previous piece. Now rotate the windshield so the
tile is at the bottom and the sloping part of the windshield is at the right.
Open group 23.
104.1. Place a transparent blue 1x2 plate, horizontally long, in front of you.
104.2. Place a light gray 1x2 plate with two studs hanging down on one long side, with the side studs at
the front, on the previous piece.
104.3. Place a light gray 1x2 tile with a sloping handlebar, horizontally long with the slope at the front, on
the previous piece.
104.4. Rotate this assembly so the handlebar is at the right, and the side studs are facing down. Attach
the studs to the anti-stud on the tile on the bottom of the windshield. Keeping the sloping side of the
windshield at the right, flip it over so the tile is on the top.
105. Now place the car in front of you, with the trunk at the right. Attach the rear windshield, centered
vertically, just to the left of the wing.
106.1. Place a light gray 2x6 tile, vertically long, to the left of the 1x4 tile on the windshield.
106.2. Place a light gray 1x1 quarter circle tile, with the corner at the back left, to the right of the front row
of the previous piece. Place another symmetrically on the back side.
107.1. Place a transparent gray 6x6x2 windshield, with the slope side at the left, to the left of the 2x6 tile
from step 106.1.
107.2. Place a light gray 2x6 tile, vertically long, on the right two columns on the previous piece.
Open group 24.
108.1. Make four wheels by attaching four silver spoked wheel hubs to four black wheels. The wheels
have one side which is flat, and one side which has three spokes. Attach the wheel hubs to the flat side.
108.2. Now attach a wheel to the pin inside each wheel well, with the hub facing the outside.
Congratulations! Now the 2 Fast 2 Furious Nissan Skyline GT-R (R34) is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
There is one page of ads after the instructions end. This page includes seven ads for Speed Champions
sets. The top left set is set number 76911, the 007 Aston Martin DB5 from the classic James BondTM
movies! The set to the right is set number 76912, the Fast & Furious 1970 Dodge Charger R/T. This is
Dominic Toretto’s iconic muscle car from the original Fast & Furious movie. The top right set is set
number 76910, the Aston Martin Valkyrie AMR Pro and Aston Martin Vantage GT3 two pack. This pack
includes two Aston Martin race cars, one green with red trim and one dark gray with green trim. The
bottom left set is 76906, the 1970 Ferrari 512 M. This is a classic Italian red race car, complete with a
race number 4! The next set to the right is set number 76907, the Lotus Evija. This sports car is dark
green with a yellow racing stripe. The next set to the right is set number 76908, the Lamborghini
Countach. This is a classic Italian sports car in white. The last set is set number 76909, the MercedesAMG F1 W12 E Performance & Mercedes-AMG Project One two pack. This pack includes a dark gray
race car, as well as a black F1 car!
Visit bricksfortheblind.org for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!