60011 Surfer Rescue
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
This set includes a surfer with surfboard, a shark, and a coast-guard watercraft with life-preserver. The
set includes two minifigures, a Surfer with surfboard, and a Coast-guard officer with helmet.
Minifigures: Build a coast-guard diver: The e diver wears a coast-guard uniform, with a badge, and a
golden belt-buckle. He is printed with epaulettes, (with golden stripes on them) two shirt-creases at his
back, and the belt. His shirt has three buttons, two pockets, a down-turned collar, he wears reflective
glasses. Put the helmet (with visor), and a life vest, on him.
The surfer: The surfer has light-brown, almost-red hair, He wears a black wetsuit, with a zipper on the
back, with blue lines on it. His face is grinning. Put the surfer on the surfboard, put the jaw on the shark.
Put a sticker, (shaped like a shield, (like a pizza slice), with a man, (made out of a starfish/five-pointed
star, the head is made of two triangles, the arms are two triangular points, as are the legs. There are
white stripes across the starfish-man, he is dark-blue. The star-fish man, is reminiscent of a harpoon, with
four hooks.)
Build the diver's boat:
1. Take the large smooth boat piece and put it hor on the table, narrow side to the left.
2. Put a 2x1 ver inside, on the third column from the left.
3. Put a f6x2 hor to the right.
4. Put a middle-boat piece hor, underneath the overhanging end of the PP.
5. Put a f2x1 grate ver on the right edge, in the middle.
6. Put a f2x2 with two legs, hor, starting on the left edge of the structure. Put a fs 6x1 on the front edge,
to the right of the PP. Repeat at the back.
7. Put the stickers (numbers 60-11, with blue diagonal lines) on the previous pieces.
8. Put a 4x2 hor in the middle, skipping three columns from the left.
9. Put a f4x2 on top of the pp.
10. Put a 2x1/2x1 curved frame piece, hor slide to the left, in the middle, starting on the third column
from the left. Put a f2x1 with one button ver to the right.
11. Put a 4x2 smooth curved piece, hor slide to the left, starting on the left edge. Put a fs2x1slide, ver,
to the right of the pp slide to the left.
12. Put a sticker onto the curved slide, (The sticker features a insignia: a shield with blue-and white
stripes, with a life-preserver in the middle, made of blue and white segments.)
Put a f2x1 with one button ver to the right of the pp. Put a 1x1 clasp ver on top of the PP.
13. put the wheel on the clasp, handlebars to the right. Put the lifesaver to the left put the diver on top.
Enjoy! 
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.