75127 The Ghost
Set adapted and tested by Matthew Shifrin
Launch into the fantastic world of collectible LEGO® Microfighters with this miniaturized version of Hera
Syndulla's personal starship, The Ghost, featuring a stud shooter with extra ammo and space to sit the
included Hera minifigure with blaster pistol.
 Includes a Hera Syndulla minifigure.
 Features big engines, stud shooter and an open cockpit with space for a minifigure to sit.
 Fire the stud shooter to see off the enemy.
 Includes a blaster pistol and extra stud shooter ammo.
 Match up with the 75128 TIE Advanced Prototype microfighter for space-themed duels.
 As featured in the Star Wars Rebels animated TV series.
 Makes a great addition to any microfighter collectible set.
 Measures over 1” (4cm) high, 3” (10cm) long and 3” (9cm) wide.
The build is 104 pieces, and 28 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from Bricks for the Blind. Before you start building,
here are some terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- A jumper plate is a 1x2 plate with a single stud on top, or a 1x3 plate with only two studs on top.
- “Anti-stud” is a term for the portion of a LEGO piece which accepts studs, like the bottom of a plate or
brick.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of piece.
- Row: studs lined up horizontally (left to right/side to side).
- Column: studs lined up upright or vertically (top to bottom/back to front).
§
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/75127) As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Let’s build the Minifigure!
Our minifigure Hera Syndulla, features goggles on her head, and two tails at the back of her head. She
wears a brown vest, and her legs are printed with a safety harness, and she’s armed with a blaster pistol.
To build her, put the minifigure lets horizontally in front of you, toes facing towards you. Put the torso onto
the legs, the head on the torso, and her helmet on the head, so the two tails are at the back. 
Now we’ll build the ship:
1. Put a light gray 6x4 plate horizontally on the table.
2. Put a dark grey 2x4 plate vertically in the middle of the previous piece.
3. Make a part: 3.1. put a light gray 6x2 plate horizontally on the table. 3.2. Put a dark grey 2x1 brick with
pinhole vertically on the left end of the previous piece, repeat symmetrically at the right. 3.3. Put a dark
grey 2x2-2x1 stair plate horizontally on the right brick with pinhole so that the 2x1 part is at the bottom, to
the left, the 2x2 surface is at the top right. Repeat symmetrically at the left. Put this part vertically onto
the 2x4 plate in the middle of your main build.
4. Turn your build so that the pinholes are at the left and the right. Put a dark gray 2x2-2x1 stair plate
horizontally so that the 2x1 is on the front row of your build in the middle, and the 2x2 surface is above
and behind the 2x1 part, on the front row of the previous build, in the middle. Put a light grey 2x1 inverted
slope horizontally on the second stud from the front on the rightmost column of the build, slope to the
right. Repeat symmetrically on the left.
5. Turn your build 180 degrees and repeat step 4 here- the dark grey stair-plate goes horizontally on top
of the front row of the middle with the 2x1 part at the front, and the light grey 2x1 inverted slopes go on
the second studs of the left and right columns of the build, horizontally overhanging to the left and right
respectively.
6. Put a black 2x1-2x1 bracket with side studs hanging down horizontally on the front row of the build in
the middle, side studs to the front.
7. Put a red 2x1 plate horizontally on top of the previous piece. Put a light grey 2x1 inverted slope
vertically to the left of the previous piece, on the left front stud of the build, slope to the front. Repeat
symmetrically at the right.
8. Put a light grey 2x2 corner plate onto the back stud of the left vertical 2x1 inverted slope and to the
back, braille letter h, repeat symmetrically at the right braille letter j.
9. Put a light brown 2x2 plate on top of the two previous pieces in the middle.
10. Put a black 2x1 plate with two vertical clips vertically on the left column of the previous piece, clips to
the left, repeat symmetrically to the right.
11. Put a red 2x1-2x2 bracket with the side studs hanging down, horizontally on the front studs of the
previous pieces 2x2 side studs to the front.
12. Put a light orange (maybe yellow?) 2x1 sloped curved tile vertically on the left stud of the previous
piece curving to the back, repeat to the right, with another yellow 1x2 sloped curved tile. Put a white 1x1
brick onto the front stud of the 2x1 vertical inverted slope at the front left. Repeat at the front right.
13. Make a part
13.1. Put a white 3x2 plate horizontally on the table.
13.2. Put a dark gray 2x1 jumper tile vertically on the left column of the previous piece. Put another dark
gray 2x1 jumper tile vertically to the right of the previous piece.
13.3. Put a black 2x1 concaved brick (also called a Log brick) horizontally on the studs of the two
previous pieces.
13.4. Put one red 1x1 round plate on the right stud of the previous piece, and another one to the left of
the first one. Now turn the piece you made upright so the concaved brick points towards you at the top
and attach this piece to the 2x2 side studs at the front of your build. 
14. Put a pin with a 2-stud-long axle into each of the holes on the 2x1 bricks with pinhole. Put a dark grey
2x1 sloped grille tile horizontally on the back stud of the 2x1 brick with pinhole and to the left, grille
sloping to the right. Repeat to the front, and then put two more light grey sloped grille tiles symmetrically
at the left.
15. Make a part:
15.1. Put a white 2x2 round brick with grooves on the table and put a dark gray 2x2 round plate on top.
15.2. Put a light grey 2x2 truncated cone on top, it's top is flat with one stud on it. Repeat to make two
such parts, and mount them on the axles, there's only way they will mount.
16. Put a black 1x2-1x2 bracket with side-studs hanging down on the front row of the build in the middle
side studs to the front.
17. Put a red 2x1 plate horizontally on top of the previous piece. Put a white 3x1 inverted slope vertically
to the left of the previous piece slope to the front. Repeat to the right of the 2x1 plate.
18. Put a light gray 2x2 corner plate onto the back stud of the left 3x1 inverted slope, and to the right,
braille letter h. Repeat symmetrically at the right, braille letter J.
19. Put a light brown 2x2 plate on top of the two previous pieces.
20. Put a light gray 2x1 plate vertically on the two free studs of the left 3x1 inverted slope. Repeat at the
right. Put an orange 2x1 plate with two vertical clips on long side vertically on the left column of the 2x2
plate from step 19, clips to the left, repeat symmetrically at the right.
21. Put a red 2x1-2x2 bracket with side-studs hanging down horizontally on the front row of the build side
studs to the front. Put a light grey 2x1 plate horizontally behind the previous piece.
22. Put a white 2x1 slope vertically slope to the front on the left 3x1 inverted slope, slope to the front.
Repeat symmetrically at the right. Put a red 2x1 jumper tile horizontally on the 2x1-2x2 bracket and put a
white 2x1 jumper tile horizontally behind the previous piece.
23. Make a part.
23.1 Put a white 3x2 plate horizontally on the table
23.2 Put a black 2x2 round plate on its right and middle column.
23.3 Put a transparent 2x2 dome on the previous piece. Hold this part upright, so the dome is at the top
facing and put this part on the side studs at the front, dome to the front.
24. Now we will make one of the ship's wings.
24.1 Make a part. Take a white 3x3 triangle plate and place it upside-down on the table, so its cut-off
corners are at the back left and front right.
24.2 Put a black 2x1 plate with rounded bar horizontally on the back row bar overhanging to the right.
Repeat to the front. Flip this part right-side-up, so that the cut-off corners are at the front left and back
right.
24.3 Put a black 2x1 plate with two vertical clips vertically on the back at the back right clips to the right.
24.4 Put a black 2x1 sloped curved tile vertically on the previous piece's front stud and to the front, slope
to the front.
Now we'll build a rocket booster.
Make a part: Take an orange 2x2 boat stud, (a 2x2 round plate with rounded bottom.) and put a black
2x2 round plate on top. Put a black 6-stud-long bar with end stop into the middle of the black plate, endstop first. Stick a black 2x2 cone on top. Put this part into the clasps of the previous part cone to the back.
25. Now we'll make the other wing: 
25.1 Put a white 3x3 triangle plate on the table upside-down, cut-off corner at the front left and back right.
25.2 Put a black 2x1 plate with rounded bar horizontally on the back row of the previous piece, bar to the
left. Repeat to the front. Flip this part right-side up.
25.3 Put a black 2x1 plate with two vertical clips vertically on the back and middle studs of the left column,
clips to the left.
25.4 Put a black 2x1 sloped curved tile vertically, on the front stud of the previous piece and to the front,
slope to the front.
Build the engine with the same parts as in step 24, (put the black 2x2 round plate on top of the orange
2x2 round plate with rounded bottom, put the end-stop part of the black 6-stud-long bar with end-stop into
the middle of the black plate, and put a black 2x2 cone onto the bar), and attach it to the clips, at the left,
cone to the back. Clip the wing into the clasps at the left, cone to the back.
Now we'll make two more wings.
26. Make a part:
26.1 Put a white 3x3 triangle plate with cut-off corners upside-down on the table, cut-off corners at the
front left and back right.
26.2 Put a white 1x2 plate with rounded bar horizontally on the front row, bar to the right. Repat to the
back.
26.3 Turn this part right-side up so the rounded bars are at the right with the cut-off corner at the front
right and back left. Put a green 1x2 tile horizontally in the middle row and put a yellow 1x1 round tile on
the leftmost stud of the back row.
Now we'll make another wing.
27. Make a part:
27.1 Take a white 3x3 triangular plate with cut-off corners and put it upside-down on the table in front of
you cut-off corners at the front right and back left.
27.2 Put a white 2x1 plate with rounded bar horizontally on the front row of the previous piece bar to the
left. Repeat to the back.
27.3 Turn this wing right-side up so that your cut-off corners are at the front and right. Put a green 2x1 tile
horizontally on the second row of the plate and put a yellow 1x1 round tile on the right-most stud of the
plate's back row. The wings are done.
27.4 Turn your ship so the 2x2 dome faces you and clip in the wings, into the clips at the left and right, so
that they are symmetrical to the ones at the back, one should have its long side at the front left, and the
other should have its long side at the front right.
28. Take a 2x1 black stud shooter and snap the trigger into it. Place it horizontally on the table in front of
you its free stud to the right. Put a transparent 1x1 slope tile onto the shooter's free stud, sloping to the
right. Now turn the stud shooter vertically, so the slope tile is at the back, and mount it on the 2x1 jumper
tiles at the front of your ship, it should shoot towards you. Now put a green 1x1 stud into the shooter and
fire away! Be careful, and don’t aim it at your face.
§
In the back of the instructions is an advertisement featuring 6 Series 3 Microfighters sets:
The Resistance X-wing Fighter (75125),
The First Order Snow Speeder (75126),
The Ghost (75127),
The Tie Advanced Prototype (75128)
Wookie Gunship (75129) and
The ATDP (75130).
Thank you so much for building this set!
Visit bricksfortheblind.org for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!