41740 Aliya's Room
Set adapted by Ann Wei and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
Kids aged 6+ can create their own fun stories with this LEGO® Friends Aliya's Room (41740) building set.
There's lots to explore as Paisley and Aliya write stories together before their sleepover. The room reflects
Aliya's studious nature with accessories including school papers, a swivel chair, laptop, book, lamp and a
trophy. Kids will love the extra touches like the F-graded school paper that Aliya has hidden at the bottom
of her stack of A grades! Perhaps Paisley can help her learn not to be so hard on herself. When it's time to
relax, there's a big screen for movies and dog toy accessories for play times with Aliya's puppy.
Instructions for young builder — Kids can enjoy an easy and intuitive building adventure with the LEGO
Builder app. Here they can zoom in and rotate models in 3D, save sets and track their progress.
A new generation of Heartlake City — Kids can make friends, discover exciting locations and act out reallife adventures in the LEGO Friends universe.
Bedroom playset for creative fun – Kids aged 6+ can create their own fun stories with this LEGO Friends
Aliya's Room (41740) building toy set
Includes 2 mini-dolls – The toy set comes with LEGO Friends mini-dolls Aliya and Paisley plus an Aira the
dog character
Feed their imagination – This set is made for play and kids can invent endless sleepover stories inspired
by hardworking Aliya and her friendship with shy Paisley
Lots of accessories – The set includes a swivel chair, desk, movie screen, 2 beds and lots of accessories
including school papers, dog toys, a laptop, book, phone, lamp and a trophy
Made for play – This toy measures over 3 in. (8 cm) high, 5 in. (13 cm) wide and 3.5 in. (10 cm) deep
A helping hand – Discover intuitive building instructions in the LEGO Builder app where you can zoom in
and rotate models in 3D, track progress and save sets as your child develops new skills
The front of the box shows Aliya and Paisley in a room. Aliya has medium brown skin, brown eyes, dark
brown afro hair, and is wearing light blue pajamas with a white horseshoe pattern, and pink shoes. Paisley
has light nougat skin, blue eyes, dark red wavy hair, and is wearing light pink pajamas with a pink and
purple heart pattern, and a necklace with a music note charm. Aliya is sitting on the bed holding a bone,
next to her orange-brown dog, Aira, who is wearing a gold crown. Paisley is sitting on a yellow chair at a
cloud table with an orange drink, a hot pink teapot, a cookie, and an orange phone. Some other things
around the room include a laptop and popcorn, a gold medal and trophy, some paper and notebooks, pink
and red flowers, and also blue cushions scattered throughout!
The top of the box has a small image of the Aliya minifigure.
The back of the box has four images: a main image up top and three inset images along the bottom. The
main image shows a demonstration of the pull-out bed that comes from underneath Aliya’s main bed so
Paisley can sleepover! It also shows a movie section or sub-build that is separate from Aliya’s room with a
projector and Aira on a pink circular dog bed with her bone.
The first inset view shows Paisley comforting Aliya that is heartbroken about receiving a letter “F” grade on
a paper. There is another paper with a letter “A” grade that could be Paisley’s or another one of Aliya’s
graded assignments.
The second inset picture demonstrates how the projector is powered by a LEGO cell-phone! In this
picture, Aliya, Paisley, and Aira are sitting at the movie section, singing, and eating popcorn!
The third inset image shows Aira on the cloud table and Aliya and Paisley bowing their hands before the
royal Aira and pretending Aira is in a castle!
The build is 209 pieces, with 2 bags, and 95 steps. Each numbered step will go along with each page the
step is on in the LEGO instruction book.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we may be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
- Column: studs lined up from top to bottom.
Note: count columns left to right, rows back to front, and align the back-left corner stud of the piece if we
specify both the row and column. Example: “Place the 2x2 brick on the plate’s third row, fourth column”
means to align the back-left corner stud of the 2x2 brick onto the plate’s stud that meets at the third row
and fourth column.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups/piles, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the pieces
for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set. Number
the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one or a
small number of steps in the instructions. Example: “Steps 1-3” means collect all the parts used in steps 1,
2, and 3, and put them in one group.
This LEGO set comes with one large plate, two large bags labeled 1 and 2, instructions, and a sticker
sheet. There are 13 instructions to place a sticker on pages 8, 13, 14, 32, 36, 42, 50, 58, 59, 62, 67, 80,
and 83. If you want to use the sticker for the build, it should be put on as you or your helper sorts the
pieces! Sort the pieces into groups or piles as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors
of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split into two groups to make telling the difference easier for
the builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group
away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Note: there are designs both printed and stuck onto pieces that should be built facing a certain way and
their orientations may not be determined by touch, so ask your helper about the orientations of the designs
on printed pieces or pieces with stickers and make physical or mental notes of them for later.
Bag 1 of 2 (6 groups):
Note: The instructions for the build start on page 6 in the LEGO book. 
Group 1 contains the pieces for pages 6-15. The pieces make a minifigure, book, dog, and movie section.
Group 2 contains the pieces for pages 16-21. The pieces make part of the bed, wall, and lamp.
Group 3 contains two pieces for page 22. These are both light purple 1x2 tiles that make part of the rug.
Group 4 contains the pieces for pages 23-27 and one dark blue 1x2 tile from step 22. The pieces make
part of the rug and top bed.
Group 5 contains the pieces for pages 28-35. The pieces make the pull-out bed.
Group 6 contains the pieces for pages 36-48. The pieces make the bed, windows, bookshelf, and wall.
Bag 2 of 2 (6 groups):
Group 7 contains the pieces from steps 49-65. The pieces make a minifigure, lamp, wall, and drawers.
Group 8 contains pieces for page 66 and two pieces for page 67: one light blue 1x2 plate and one pink
1x2 tile. These pieces make one side of the desk and part of a stack of notebooks.
Group 9 contains pieces for pages 67-75. The pieces make part of the desk, walls, and ceiling.
Group 10 contains pieces for pages 76-82. The pieces make floor cushions, and decorations.
Group 11 contains pieces for pages 83-96. The pieces make a cloud table, flowers, a chair, and
decorations.
Group 12 contains extras from the first and second bags in case you lose any small pieces.
Building Instructions:
As a reminder, the instructions for the build start on page 6 in the LEGO book.
§
6. Assemble a minifigure using the dark brown afro hair, dark flesh minifigure head, light blue horseshoe
printed torso, and light blue pants attached to pink shoes. You’ve just built Aliya!
7. This page has no instructions and shows a drawing of Aliya waving at you! There are also fun drawings
around her including a heart holding a balloon, a horse with a horseshoe, and a checklist with a pencil.
8.1. Locate one light green 1x2 tile with no studs and two hinges. This is the front cover of a book. Then
locate one light green 1x2 plate with two studs, two hinges, and a book spine for an edge. This is the back
cover of a book. With the tile on the left and the plate on the right, connect the two pieces at the hinges.
8.2. Now locate one white 1x2 tile that reads “once upon a time” and orient it vertically on the plate.
8.3. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate a sticker displaying a green background and two people looking at
each other, then vertically place this sticker on the front of the closed book with the tile facing up. You’ve
just made Aliya’s storytime book!
8.4. Now locate a small dog and a crown. Insert the pin at the edge of the crown on the top of the dog’s
head and with the curve of the crown facing the front of the dog. Now Aliya’s dog, named Aira, is royalty!
9. This page has no instructions and shows a pathway from Paisley’s to Aliya’s house. Aliya lives on a
heart-shaped island and this map tells us that Paisley doesn’t live too far away!
10. Let's start making the projector now! Locate one light blue 2x6 plate and one pink circular tile with one
stud. With the plate horizontal, place the circle on the first and second columns.
11. Locate two 1x2 white plates that have one stud and one connector/hook on the top. Horizontally place
these pieces on the fifth and sixth columns, first and second rows. Now locate a light gray bar with a stop
ring in the middle. Put an end of this bar into the circle’s stud.
12. Locate a 1x1 white brick with red and white stripes on a side. Then locate a 1x1 popcorn piece and
place it on top of the brick. Place this brick in the first row, third column, with the print facing right.
13. Locate a 1x3 piece tile with studs and a tiny center hole, one 4x3 white panel with 4 top studs, and two
1x2 dark blue tiles. Horizontally and horizontally centered, place the panel on top of the 1x3 tile with the
studs of both pieces facing up. Now cover all four studs of the panel with the two 1x2 tiles.
13.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the dark and light blue square sticker displaying a boy, girl, and
pegasus, then place this on the side of the panel that is not indented.
13.2. Place this structure, with the sticker now facing right, onto the previous 2x2 circle, connecting the
hole underneath the 1x3 tile with the other edge of the bar.
14.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the rectangular white 1x2 sticker with yellow and green buttons, then
place this onto one light gray 1x2 tile with a downward slope.
14.2. Now get ready to stack a bunch of 1x2s! Locate one light gray 1x2 plate with a handle, two tan 1x2
plates with grooves, one 1x2 orange plate, and one 1x2 tile with a downward slope. With both pieces
oriented vertically, place the tan 1x2 tile with its groove facing left, on top of the gray 1x2 tile with the
handle facing right. Then align the 1x2 orange plate on top of the previously placed piece, followed by
another 1x2 plate with a groove on the left, followed by the 1x2 tile with the downward slope and sticker
facing left.
15. Locate one dark gray wide cone with one stud and one transparent-blue 1x1 circular plate/stud. With
the top studs of both pieces facing up, place the wide cone on top of the circular plate. You’ve just created
a camera lens! Place this structure underneath the stack of 1x2s from the last step, with the transparent
lens facing down. Now don’t try to balance the camera lens on your surface, but rather orient this stacked
tower horizontally so the sticker is facing right and the lens is facing left, then place this onto the previous
structure with the popcorn and projector screen, attaching the handle of the 1x2 plate to the two white
hooks on two 1x2 plates.
16. Locate one orange 1x2 tile with a printed phone screen. Start by pushing down on the right side of the
previously placed structure so that the camera lens is facing up-left. Now slip the phone tile in between the
two pieces with grooves. This piece does not securely attach to anything, making it accessible to remove
the phone from the projector and place it in a minifigure’s hand! You have now completed the projector
sub-build/movie section of Aliya’s room! Note that this will not be attached to the main build.
17. Let’s move on to the main part of Aliya’s room! Locate one light blue 8x16 plate and one white 1x12
brick. With both pieces oriented horizontally, place the brick all the way to the right on the first row.
18. Locate one white 1x2 brick with horizontal and vertical ridges and one brown 1x4 plate. Horizontally
place the brick, with the horizontal ridges facing front, on the very left of the first row and vertically place
the plate on the first column in front of the ridged brick.
19. Locate one brown 1x6 tile and one brown 1x4 plate. Vertically place the plate on the eighth column,
second row, and horizontally place the tile on the fifth row in between both 1x4 plates.
20. Locate one tan 1x6 brick and one tan 1x1 brick. Horizontally place the 1x6 brick on the ninth column in
front of the previously placed 1x12 brick. Then skip one stud to the right and place the 1x1 brick.
21. Locate three white 1x2 ridged bricks and one thin black cone. With the vertical ridges facing front,
horizontally place each ridged brick side by side in front of the previously placed 1x6 brick. To the
immediate right of these three bricks, place the cone.
22. Let’s build a rug! Locate one dark blue 1x2 tile and two light purple 1x2 tiles. Horizontally place one
purple tile on the third column sixth row, horizontally place the other purple tile on the third column last
row, and horizontally place the blue tile in between the two purple ones just placed.
23. Locate four purple 1x1 quarter circle tiles and two light purple 1x1 square tiles. To the immediate left
and right of the blue tile, place the light purple squares. Now place the four quarter circles to create the
rounded edges of this rectangular/oval blue and purple rug.
24. Let’s build the bottom frame of the bed! Locate two yellow 1x4 slide bricks with grooves, resembling an
elongated C, and locate two yellow 1x4 plates. Vertically place each slide brick on top of the previously
placed 1x4 plates in columns one and four, ensuring the grooves face each other. Then line up each 1x4
plate on top of the two slide bricks.
25-26. Let’s build the mattress! Locate two yellow 2x8 plates, and one brown 1x3 tile. And one light purple
4x6 plate. Horizontally place both 2x8 plates on your surface, one in front of the other, touching. Then
vertically place the tile on the first row, last column, connecting the two 2x8 plates. Now horizontally place
the 4x6 plate centered horizontally on the 2x8 plates.
27. Locate one brown 1x3 tile and two brown 1x1 plates. Vertically place the tile on the first row, first
column, symmetric to the right side. Then symmetrically place each plate in the front two corners on the
last row. Now horizontally place this mattress on top of the bed frame and slide bricks on the main build.
Ensure that the 1x1 plates on the mattress face you.
28-29. Let’s create a hidden bed that slides out from underneath Aliya’s bed for sleepovers! Locate one
yellow 4x6 plate, and three yellow 1x2 plates with four studs, resembling chairs. With the 4x6 plate
oriented horizontally, horizontally place the three 1x2 plates, side by side along the first row, with the 2x2
studs facing back and the thin edges facing up.
30. Locate two white 1x1 circular plates/studs and two tan 1x2 plates with a groove on a side.
Symmetrically place each 1x1 stud on the first and last columns, in front of the previously placed pieces.
Then in front of each 1x1 stud, vertically and symmetrically place each 1x2 plate, with the grooves facing
away from each other.
31. Locate one black 1x2 plate with an attached peg, one black 2x3 plate, and one white 2x2 plate.
Vertically place the 2x3 plate on the second column, second row. Now place the 2x2 plate to the right of
the 2x3 plate. Then horizontally place the 1x2 plate in front of the 2x2 plate with its peg facing you.
32.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate two rectangular 2x4 pink stickers with plaid patterns and white fabric,
then place each onto two pink 2x4 tiles.
32.2. Let’s make blankets for the pull-out bed! Locate two pink 2x4 tiles with stickers. Orient them
horizontally, place one in front of the other, and have the white fabric on the stickers pointing right,
covering the first four columns, and all rows.
33. Let’s put a pillow on the pull-out bed! Locate a white 2x4 tile with a curved side. Place this to the right
of the 2x4 tiles with the curve facing left.
34. Insert this bed, under the other mattress and into the slide bricks in the main build. The grooves should
allow for a smooth slide and the 2x6 studs on the side of the pullout bed should be facing you.
35. Let’s make the pull-out bed appear like drawers and add handles to more easily slide the bed in and
out! Locate two yellow 2x4 plates with only two studs and two white 1x1 plates/studs. Horizontally place
the plates on the side of the pull-out bed and cover each of the studs on these plates with the 1x1 studs.
36.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate two dark blue 2x4 rectangular stickers with a horseshoe pattern and
white fabric showing. Place each sticker onto two dark blue 2x4 tiles.
36.2. Let’s make blankets for the main mattress! Locate two dark blue 2x4 tiles with stickers. Horizontally
place these, one in front of the other on the top bed’s 4x6 studs’ columns 3-6, ensuring that the white
fabric is facing left.
37. Let’s put a pillow on the top bed too! Locate a white 2x4 tile with a curved side. Place this to the left of
the 2x4 tiles with the curve facing right. Why not decorate a little bit now too? Locate a magenta purse.
Vertically place this on the front left corner of the top bed. 
38. Turn your build 180 degrees so that the bed is on the right now and the long axis of the build is still
horizontal. Locate a silver wheel and horizontally insert this into the pin that is left of the ridged brick on the
front-right corner.
39. Locate two brown 1x3 tiles. Horizontally place each next to each other on top of the three lined-up
ridged bricks.
40. Locate one brown 1x3 tile and three brown 1x1 plates. From left to right, directly in front of the
previously placed pieces, horizontally place two 1x1 plates next to each other, followed by the 1x3 tile,
followed by another 1x1 plate.
41. Locate two 3x3 transparent window panels and two 3x3 brown frames. Insert each window panel into
the side of the frames with the thinner edges. Place the two windows on top of each other, and then
horizontally place this on top of the right side of the 1x12 brick on the last row. Ensure that the panels are
facing you.
42. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate a white, large, vertical, rectangular sticker displaying a bookshelf.
Place it on a white 4x6 rectangular flat panel.
43. Locate a white 4x6 frame and a 4x6 white panel with a sticker. Insert the window panel into the side of
the frame with the thinner edges.
44. Now place the bookshelf to the left of the stacked windows with the sticker facing back.
45. Once again, locate two more brown 3x3 window panels with window frames, insert the panels into the
frames, and stack the windows on top of each other. Now place this to the left of the bookshelf with the
panel facing you.
46. Locate two white 1x2 curved bricks. Stack them on top of each other and place them onto the three
studs to the left of the previously placed windows. Ensure that the curves are facing front-left.
47. Locate one white 1x1x3 brick and one light green 1x1 plate with a side wall. Place the 1x1 plate on top
of the 1x1x3 brick, then place this on top of the ridged brick, on the very front-right corner. Ensure that the
side wall of the plate is facing the back.
48. Locate one large white arch attached to a white 1x2 plate. Place this piece on top of the previously
placed 1x1 plate with a side wall. Ensure that the arch is facing the left and that the plate of the arch is
attached to the top of the windows.
49. Open bag 2 if it isn't already open.
50.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the rectangular purple sticker displaying a computer screen and place
this on the inside of a purple 1x2 closed or 2x2 open laptop on the flat side without the keyboard.
50.2. Assemble a minifigure using the long wavy dark red hair, light flesh minifigure head, pink and purple
heart printed torso, and light pink pants with no shoes. You’ve just built Paisley! Now locate the purple
laptop with a sticker inside and connect the edge with handles to one of her hands, ensuring the laptop is
closed.
51. This page has no instructions and shows a drawing of Paisley waving at you! There are also drawings
around her including a cloud, bunny, and piano.
52. Let’s move back to the main build! Locate one blue 1x2 plate and one blue 1x5 plate. To the left of the
1x2 plate at the edge of the previously placed arch, horizontally place this 1x2 plate. Now to the left of that,
horizontally place the 1x5 plate.
53. Locate four white 1x2 curved bricks. Stack them all on top of each other so that they all align perfectly.
54. Turn the main build 180 degrees so the back wall is facing back and the bed is on the left once again.
Now take the stacked curved bricks from the last step and align them on top of the curved brick on the
back-right of the build.
55. Locate one tan 1x2 brick with two bumps on the edges and one tan 1x3 brick. Vertically place the
bumpy brick in front of the previously placed stack of curved bricks on the last column. Now vertically
place the brick in front of the bumpy brick.
56. Locate one tan 1x3 brick and one 2x2 brick with an upward slope. Vertically place the 1x3 brick on top
of the bumpy brick from the last step. Then in front of that, place the sloped brick with the upward slope
facing left.
57. Let’s build the lamp for Aliya’s room! Locate one long black rod with a stop ring close to an edge, one
black 1x2 round plate, and one transparent yellow 1x1 circular plate/stud. Place the 1x1 circle on the left
stud of the 1x2 round plate then place the rod’s edge with the stop ring into the right stud of the 1x2 round
plate. Now flip over this structure and place the other end of the rod into the previously placed black cone
on the back-right of the main build.
58.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the sticker displaying a homework/test paper with an “F” grade and
place it onto a white 2x2 panel.
58.2 Let’s build drawers for storage and for holding one side of the desk! Locate one 2x2 white panel with
a sticker on it, one white 2x3x2 box, and one brown drawer with a handle on an edge. With all pieces
oriented horizontally, slide the drawer into the bottom half of the open side of the box. Now place the panel
in the drawer.
59.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the sticker displaying a homework/test paper with an “A” grade and
place it onto a white 2x2 panel.
59.2. Locate one 2x2 white panel with a sticker on it, and one brown drawer with a handle on an edge.
With all pieces oriented horizontally, slide the drawer into the top half of the open side of the previous box.
Now place the panel in the drawer. Let’s place your completed drawers on your main build now!
60. Horizontally place this in front of the upward-sloped brick on the front-right of the room. There should
be some overhang in the front but the right side of the drawers should line up with the right edge of the
room.
61. Let’s extend the floor of her room to keep the overhanging drawer from falling over! Locate a large light
blue half-circle with 8 studs on the flat edge. Connect the flat edge to the front edge of the main floor, all
the way to the right and underneath the previously placed drawers. The right edge of the half-circle and
the right edge of the main floor should align.
62. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the 6x6 white sticker displaying a wall grid with shelves and
decorations, then place this onto one white 1x6x6 box panel inside the box.
63. Let’s build a wall in Aliya’s room! Locate one white 1x6x6 box panel with a sticker displayed from
inside the box. Vertically place this on the far-right edge of the room, in front of the stacked curved bricks
and partially on top of the drawers. Ensure that the sticker is facing left.
64. Let’s create part of the ceiling! Locate one dark blue 1x4 curved plate. Place this on top of the stacked
curved bricks, lining up all the curves with the wall.
65. Locate two dark blue 1x2 plates. Vertically place both plates, in front of the previously placed curved
plate. 
66. Locate two white 1x2x2 C-panels, one dark blue 2x2 plate, and one transparent 1x2 couch tile. Put the
walls of both C-panels back-to-back with the edges facing front and back. Place the 2x2 plate on top of
both C-panels. Now cover the first row of the 2x2 plate with the 1x2 couch tile, having the open space in
the tile facing you.
67.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the pink 1x2 sticker displaying a notebook cover with a white stripe.
Place this onto one pink 1x2 tile.
67.2. Locate one light blue 1x2 plate, one purple 1x2 plate, and one pink 1x2 tile with a sticker. In the
same order that they were located, stack them on top of each other from bottom to top. Place this stack
horizontally in front of the previously placed couch tile. You’ve just built one side of the desk with a stack of
colorful notebooks, and a pen holder!
68. Now place this structure, with the same orientation, in front of the lamp on the back corner of the build.
69. Let’s connect the one side of the table to the drawers to make the desk! Locate one dark blue 2x4
plate with only two studs and one dark blue 1x1 plate. Vertically place the 2x4 plate in front of the stack of
notebooks from the last step, with the studs facing up. To the front-right of this piece, place the 1x1 plate
next to it, fully covering the top of the drawers.
70. Let’s decorate some more! Locate a purple pen and a white 1x2 tile with a print-on notebook paper
with a checklist. Place the pen in the previously placed pen holder, and horizontally place the paper tile,
facing diagonally back-right, in front of the stack of notebooks on top of the 2x4 plate from the last step.
71. Let’s finish up the wall! Locate one dark blue 1x1 plate and one white 1x1 headlight brick with a stud
on top and a stud on a side. Place the headlight brick on the previously placed 1x1 plate on top of the front
right corner of the drawers, ensuring that the side stud faces left. Now place the 1x1 plate on top of this
headlight brick.
72. Locate another dark blue 1x1 plate and another white 1x1 headlight brick. Place the headlight brick on
top of the previously placed 1x1 plate, with the side stud facing you. Then place the 1x1 plate on top of
this headlight brick.
73. Locate another white 1x1 headlight brick and one light green 1x1 plate with a side wall and a side
stud. Place the headlight brick on the previously placed 1x1 plate, with the side stud facing right. Now
place the 1x1 light green plate on top of the headlight brick, with the side wall and side stud facing left.
74. Locate one white 1x1 plate with an attached rounded brick. Place the bottom end of the arch on top of
the previously placed piece, with the 1x1 plate attached to the top of the wall and facing the back.
75. Let’s finish off the ceiling! Locate one white 1x2 curved tile and two white 1x6 tiles. Align the curved tile
on top of the curved back-right corner of the room. At both ends of this corner tile place each 1x6 tile so
that it lines up with the rest of the ceiling and walls.
76. Locate one white 1x1 plate, one white 1x2 tile, and one green stud attached to a stick. To the left of
the previously placed 1x6 tile on the back wall, place the 1x1 plate. To the left of that, horizontally place
the 1x2 tile. And to the left of that, vertically place the stud with the stick pointing front.
77. Locate one transparent round globe/case, one purple 2x2 circular plate with four studs, one green 1x1
flower with bumpy sides and a stud on top, and one red flower with a stem at the bottom. Place the green
1x1 flower in the center of the 2x2 circle, then place the red flower’s stem into the stud of the green flower,
then place the transparent case on top of all these pieces, connecting the base of the case to the top of
the circle plate, keeping the flower all protected! Place this enclosed flower onto the single stud in front of
the bookshelf and to the right of the bed, not on the floor!
78. Locate one pink 2x2 circular plate with one stud, one yellow 1x1 tile with a hook, and one dark blue
2x4 plate with only two studs. Vertically place the 2x4 plate in front of the bed, by skipping one column of
studs to the right of the front right corner of the bed. There should be horizontal 3x5 studs behind this 2x4
plate. on the fourth stud. Diagonal to the front-right corner of that piece, place the hook tile. (Note: This
hook will hold a dog bone later!) Then to the right, place the 2x2 circle, so the back edge aligns with the
hook tile, leaving no overhang.
79. Let’s build a chair! Locate one white 2x2 tile with a circular dent and one gray 2x2 circular plate with
four studs and a small stem. Counting from the floor studs at the right of the bed, place the 2x2 dented tile
on the second row and third column of studs. Then place the 2x2 circle into the circular dent.
80.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate three light blue circular stickers displaying a cushion with a crease,
resembling a plus sign, in the center. Place each sticker onto three 2x2 circular tiles.
80.2. Let’s scatter some cushions throughout the room! Locate three 2x2 circular tiles with stickers and
place one in front of the right window, one to the left of the back half of the 2x4 plate with two studs that is
on the floor, and the other on the right-center of the same 2x4 plate with two studs.
81. Let’s decorate some more! Locate one light green stud with a stick attached and a leaf bundle with
three spikes. Place the stud with a stick in front of the notebook paper on the table, having the stick face
the back-right. Then place the leaf piece on top of that with the three spikes facing you.
82. Let’s make a trophy! Locate one gold wide cone with a stud, one gold 1x1 circular tile with a short pin,
and one brown 1x1 brick. Place the brick on top of the previously placed leaf, then on top of that, place the
circle with the pin facing up, and then on top of that, place the wide cone with the stud facing down.
83.1. (SKIP THIS STEP IF STICKERS WERE PRE-PLACED BY A HELPER BEFOREHAND) If you or
someone else hasn’t already, locate the circular light blue sticker displaying a gold medal and with a
number one. Place this on a light blue 2x2 circular tile.
83.2. Let’s make Aliya’s first-place gold medal! Locate one blue 2x2 circular tile with a sticker. Place this
up on the wall to the right of the trophy so the sticker is facing left.
84. Let’s finish the chair! Locate one purple 1x2 plate, one purple 2x2 circular plate, and two purple 1x1
plates with a hook on a side. Vertically place the 1x2 plate on the right side of the 2x2 circular plate. Then
place each 1x1 plate, one in front of the other, to the left of the previously placed 1x2 plate, ensuring that
the hooks are facing left.
85. Locate two yellow 1x2 bench shapes/wide chairs. Horizontally along the first row, place the bench with
the thin wall facing the back. Then horizontally along the second row, place the bench with the thin wall
facing the front.
86. Locate one yellow 1x2 plate with a handlebar and one yellow curved stairs piece with two steps.
Vertically attach the handlebar of the 1x2 plate to the two previously placed hooks, then place the thinner
step of the curved piece onto the same 1x2 plate, ensuring the downward slope is facing left. Now lift the
left side of the chair all the way up. Then place this chair on top of the previously placed 2x2 gray circle in
the dent of the 2x2 white plate. The back of the chair should be facing the bed and the front of the chair
should be facing the desk.
87. Let’s put up some flowers! Locate one pink 1x1 flower with a stud on top and one leaf piece with three
spikes. Place the flower on top of the leaf, then place this on the front edge of the right wall where a stud
facing you is. The spikes should face right.
88. Locate two red flowers with attached stems and two leaf pieces. Place each flower into each leaf
piece. Place one on the right edge of the right wall with the spikes facing back, and another on the far left
of the back wall with the spikes facing left.
89. Locate a dog bone with two bumps on both ends. Vertically connect this to the hook on the floor.
90. Let’s build a cloud table! Locate a white cloud with three studs and bumpy edges, one transparent 2x2
cylinder, one pink teapot, two pink flowers with bumpy sides and a stud on top, one brown 1x1 circular tile
with a printed cookie, and one transparent tea cup with a handle and orange tea inside. Start by placing
the cloud, centered, on top of the cylinder. Then on the three studs from left to right, place the teapot, then
the cookie, then the teacup. Now, place the pink flower underneath and on top of the teapot to act as a
fancy base and a lid!
91. Now diagonally place the cloud table on the front stud of the 2x4 plate on the floor with only two studs.
The side of the cloud table with the teapot should be facing the bed.
92. Let’s build a vine of more flowers and leaves to finish off! Locate one green vine with 6 studs, one red
flower with a stem, and one leaf piece with three spikes. Orient the vine so the longest stem is facing right
and the stud with ridged edges is facing left. Place the red flower into the left stud and the leaf piece onto
the right stud with the spikes facing right. Now horizontally, in the same orientation, place the vine on top
of the two studs on the ceiling. This is the highest piece of the build.
93. Two more vines to go! Locate another green vine with 6 studs (specifically 2 large, 4 small), then
locate one pink flower with a stud, and one red flower with a stem. Orient the vine so the longest stem is
facing left and the ridged stud is facing right. Place the pink flower onto the far-left stud and the red flower
into the front right small stud.
94. One more vine to go! Locate another green vine, another pink flower with a stud, another leaf piece,
and one green carrot top/stick. Place the vine in the same orientation as the last, then place the leaf piece
on the far-right ridged stud, and the pink flower onto the back-left small stud. Now place this vine onto the
vine from the last step by placing this current far-left stud onto the last step’s far-right stud. Then place the
carrot top/stick into the two aligning studs to secure both vines.
95. Last step! Take the long vine from the last step and attach the right side of the vine with the leaf piece
to the stick hanging on the back side of the wall under the first vine you placed onto the main build. The
three spikes of the leaf piece should point diagonally toward the enclosed and protected flower in the
case/globe. Now the left side of the long vine should face the flower and pillow on the left side of the build.
Congratulations! Now Aliya's Room is complete!
The page after shows the completed room in the back, the movie section on the left, and Paisley with Aliya
on the right.
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
There are four pages of ads and drawings, after the instructions end.
The first shows advertisements for LEGO Friends sets 41727 Dog Rescue Center, 41738 Dog Rescue
Bike, and 41741 Dog Rescue Van.
The second and third shows a continuous drawing of the entire group of 8 LEGO Friends: Paisley,
Autumn, Aliya, Zac, Leo, Liann, Olly, and Nova.
And last, but not least, the fourth shows advertisements for LEGO Friends sets 41731 Heartlake
International School, 41728 Heartlake Downtown Diner, and 41743 Hair Salon.
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!
 