75344 Boba Fett's Starship Microfighter
Give kids a cool introduction to LEGO® Star Wars™ building toys with Boba Fett’s Starship Microfighter
(75344) for ages 6 and up. This microscale LEGO brick version of the iconic starship, as seen in the
classic Star Wars saga, Star Wars: The Mandalorian and Star Wars: The Book of Boba Fett, features 2
flick shooters for attacking enemy starfighters and adjustable wings for flight and landing. The included
LEGO minifigure of Boba Fett, which comes with a blaster and a jetpack accessory element, fits inside
the opening cockpit.
The LEGO Group has been recreating starships, vehicles, locations and characters from the Star Wars
universe since 1999, and there is a huge variety of sets that make super gifts for fans of all ages.
Several are listed at the end of these instructions.
Boba Fett’s Starship has an opening cockpit with space for the Boba Fett LEGO® minifigure, 2 flick
shooters and adjustable wings for flight and landing. The Microfighter measures over 2.5 in. (6 cm) high,
3.5 in. (9 cm) long and 3 in. (8 cm) wide.
On the front of the box, Boba Fett is flying his starfighter over the desert, ready for battle! On the back of
the box Boba has landed and is walking alongside his starfighter on the desert, with his blaster in hand.
In the background you can see mountains. There is also a small picture showing how the missiles are
launched from the starfighter by pushing from behind.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
The set contains three unnumbered bags, a small one, a medium-sized bag, and a large one dump
them all into one container, and let's get building!
§
Let's first build the Boba Fett minifigure. Put the sand green jet pack on his neck and secure it with his
head. He is wearing a black and dark green jacket, and an ammunition belt. His pants are black with
sand colored protective knee pads. He also wears arm padding. He wears a grim facial expression.
Place his full visor sand green helmet on his head.
Now let's build his gun. Take a double-barreled minifig gun and put a black light saber hilt onto its
bottom barrel.
You're done!
Now let's build his starship:
1. Take a dark grey 8x4 plate and put it horizontally on the table. Put a light green 2x4 plate vertically on
the previous piece's second and third column from the right, with one row overhanging symmetrically to
the front and to the back. 
2. Put a light grey 6x3 trapezoidal plate vertically to the right of the previous piece, short end to the right,
overhanging symmetrically to the front and to the back.
3. Flip your part upside-down with the trapezoid still at the right and put a light grey 2x2 dish with one
stud upside-down on the right end of the structure, in the middle of the trapezoid. Take two dark gray
oval 2x1 plates and put one horizontally in front of the right end of the 8x2 plate and to the left. Repeat
symmetrically at the back.
4. Put a transparent orange 2x1 plate horizontally to the left of the previous piece at the front and repeat
symmetrically at the back.
5. Turn your part right-side up and find a left and right 6x2 light grey wing plate. If we put the left-wing
plate vertically on the table, with its pointy end towards you, the slope should be at the right. The rightwing plate will be symmetrical, with its slope at the left if its pointy end is facing you. Now put the leftwing plate horizontally to the left of the previous piece, pointy part to the left, slope to the front. Repeat
symmetrically at the back with the right-wing plate.
6. Find 2 reddish-brown 2x2 pyramid bricks with 1 stud and three cut-off corners. The cut-off corners are
rough in texture. Put one on the front row of the trapezoid plate at the right, cut-off corners to the front,
front right, and right, and the other one symmetrically behind it, cut-off corners to the right, right back,
and to the back.
7. Put a dark grey 2x2-2x1 stepped plate horizontally on top of the previous pieces and to the left, the
lower 2x1 step of this piece should be at the left, while the higher 2x2 step of this piece should be on top
of the previous pieces.
8. Find two reddish brown 1x2 slope bricks and put one vertically in front of the front stud of the previous
piece's second column from the right. Repeat symmetrically at the back.
9. Take a black 2x2 tile and put it to the left of the lower 2x1 step of the piece you placed in step 7.
10. Make a part. Find a black 3-stud-long technic axle/pin, and put a light grey technic bushing on the
axle pushing it in all the way in. A little bit of the axle should still stick out. Put this part of the axle into
the axle hole of a dark grey 2x1 technic brick with axle hole. Repeat to make another such part. Put one
of these parts horizontally to the left of the 2x1 slope from step 8, pin to the front. Repeat symmetrically
at the back.
11. Find two reddish brown 2x1 slope bricks and put one to the left of the previous piece vertically and
overhanging to the front. Repeat symmetrically at the back.
12. Find two reddish brown 2x3 wing bricks with three studs-- they have a wide end and a narrow end,
and one of their long edges is rough in texture. Put one horizontally to the left of the previous piece at
the front, narrow end to the left, and rough side to the front. Repeat symmetrically at the back.
13. Find two reddish-brown 2x2 pyramid bricks with one stud and three cut-off corners and put one to
the left of the previous piece at the front cut-off corners to the front, front-left, and left. Repeat
symmetrically at the back.
14. Find a light grey 1x1 corner plate with upright side stud and put it on the stud of the rightmost 2x1
vertical slope brick at the right of your structure, side stud to the front. Repeat symmetrically at the back.
15. Put a light grey quarter-circle brick to the right of the previous piece, curve at the front right. Repeat
symmetrically at the back. 
16. Find a light grey 2x1-2x2 top angle plate and put it horizontally to the left of the previous piece at the
front, side studs to the front. Repeat symmetrically at the back. Put a light grey 1x1 plate with side stud
to the left of the previous piece at the front, side stud to the front. Repeat symmetrically at the back.
17. Put a light grey 3x1 bench piece horizontally behind the previous piece and to the right (at the front
of your structure) seat back to the front. Repeat symmetrically at the back.
18. Put a reddish brown 2x1 slope tile vertically at the left end of your structure, slope to the left.
19. Make a part: This will be the tail of your ship. Take a light grey stepped curved 2x2 with two steps
and put it vertically on the table, bottom step to the left. This piece has no anti-studs at the bottom, its
bottom is smooth and curved.
20. Put a dark grey oval 2x1 plate vertically on the lower step at the left.
21. Put a green 2x2 plate on top of the previous piece and to the right.
22. Take a light grey stepped 2x3-2x2 plate and put it horizontally on the table so that the 2x3 studs are
to the top at the right. Put the previous part you just built vertically under the right side of the previous
piece, its smooth curve curving to the right.
23. Put a dark grey oval 2x1 plate vertically on the bottom step of the previous piece, on its second
column from the left.
24. Take two black 1x1x2 bricks with two side studs and put them vertically on the front and rear studs
of the previous piece, studs to the front and to the back respectively.
25. Put a dark grey 2x1 bench piece vertically to the left of the previous piece, seat back to the right.
26. Take a light grey 2x2 tile with top 2x1 side-mounted plate and turn it so that the side plate is vertical
on the table, and the 2x2 part of the piece is upright. The studs of the 2x1 plate should face the ceiling.
Put this part vertically on the rightmost column of your structure, 2x2 part to the right. Take a light green
2x4 plate and put it horizontally to the left of the previous piece one column overhanging to the left.
27. Put a light grey 2x1 sloped tile horizontally on the back row of the structure, on the rightmost and
second columns from the right, slope to the back. Put a dark green 1x1 sloped tile horizontally to the left
of the previous piece slope to the back.
28. Put a dark green 2x1 sloped tile in front of the first 2x1 sloped tile, horizontally slope to the front. Put
a dark green 1x1 sloped tile to the left of the previous piece, horizontally slope to the front.
29. Put a 2x1 plate with top clasp to the left of the previous piece, clasp to the left. Repeat to the back.
30. Put a light grey 2x1 tile vertically onto the studs of the previous two pieces.
31. Take a light grey 2x2 right triangle angle plate and place it on the table with its right angle at the front
right. Put a light green stepped curved 2x2 tile vertically on top, curve to the right. Take this part and
mount it onto the side studs of the previous assembly upright, vertically, at the front, using the piece's
rightmost column, with the triangle plate overhanging to the left. Turn your part 180 degrees, the part
you just mounted should be at the back.
32. Take two dark grey 2x1 plates with top tube, and put one horizontally, upright on the top front antistud of the 2x2 tile at the left of your structure, with the tube upright. Repeat symmetrically at the back.
These parts are connected by a single stud, but that's OK. The bottom row of the 2x2 space should
remain free. 
33. Take a light grey smooth inverted curved tile, and put it slope to the bottom onto the previous two
pieces and the row under them, slope curving down towards the table.
34. Take a light grey 2x2 right triangle angle plate and place it on the table with its right angle at the
front left. Put a light green stepped curved 2x2 tile vertically on top, curve to the left. Take this part and
mount it onto the side studs of the previous assembly upright, vertically, at the front, using the piece's
leftmost column, with the triangle plate overhanging to the right. Turn your part 180 degrees, the part
you just mounted should be at the back.
35. Take the structure you built and mount it horizontally at the left end of your ship to the right of the
2x1 sloped tile.
36. Take a dark green curved quarter-round tile and put it onto the rightmost side stud of the 2x2 side
studs at the front right, upright curve to the right and to the bottom, towards the table. Repeat
symmetrically to the left, curve to the left.
37. Take a light grey 2x2 right angle plate and put it on the table, right angle to the back right. Put a dark
grey 1x2 plate with top tube horizontally on the back row of the previous piece, tube to the right. Take
this part and attach it to the pin on the front of your structure, using the tube the right.
38. Repeat step 36 symmetrically at the back.
39. Repeat step 37 symmetrically at the back.
40. Put the cockpit, it's long, curved, and smooth, with a bar at one end, onto the ship, by snapping the
bar of it into the two clasps at the right.
41. Make a part: put the pin of a light grey 1x1 round plate with pin into a black light saber hilt. Put the
anti-stud of this part into the stud of a light grey 4-stud-long bar with stud end and technic-connector,
(flick-fire missile) Repeat to make two such parts. Snap them into the tubes at the left end of your
structure, so that the lightsaber hilts are at the top. They should spin freely.
You're done! Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!
At the back of the instructions are advertisements for the following Star Wars sets:
75347 - TIE Bomber™
75345 - 501st Clone Troopers™ Battle Pack
75344 - Boba Fett's Starship™ Microfighter
75325 - The Mandalorian's N-1 Starfighter™
75321 - The Razor Crest™ Microfighter
75326 - Boba Fett's Throne Room
75324 - Dark Trooper™ Attack