
40058 Decorating the Tree
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
Help celebrate the season with this charming little Christmas Tree!
Note: This build is very color centric. Please have a sighted
person separate the parts out by color, to make the build
easier.
Minifigures: The man wears a blue coat and brown
trousers, and the girl wears a red sweater, and red trousers.
Both are happily smiling.
§
Build the tree:
1. Put a 6x6 on the table. Put a 2x2 cylinder in
the middle. Put 4 2x1 curved quarter round pieces around the pp.
Put the long-ribbed stick into the center of the 2x2 cylinder.
Put aside. Make a part: Take a f3-bladed 2x1 propeller piece, and
put it on the table. Take a 3x1 slope piece with one button and
put it on the previous part, on its frontmost button with two
buttons overhanging to the front. Repeat on the other blades of
the propeller. Put a 2x1 slope horizontal behind the previous piece,
overhanging to the left. Repeat on the other ends. Take 3 fs2x1s
(green) and put them on the free two buttons of the previous steps.
Make a part, stack 1x1 bu7ttons, the white on top and red on the
bottom. Put them on the free outermost button of the 3x1 slope
brick. Repeat, but this time with white, on top and yellow on the
bottom. Out this part onto the long-ribbed stick. Take a 3x1
propeller, and put the 3x1 sloped bricks on as before, with one
button overhanging to the front. Put a 1x1 brick to the back. Put
3 1x1 buttons (white) on the pointed ends of the 3x1 slide
pieces. Put one red 1x1 button under the previous parts, and two
yellow 1x1s on the other buttons. Put a fs2x1 on top of the two
fre buttons (the 1x1 bricks and 3x1 slide. Repeat on the other
free buttons. Take a 3-bladed 2x1 propeller with a cross-hole and
put a 3x1 slide onto the blades, leaving 1 free button at the tip
of the slide (it should over-hang by one button. Put a red 1x1
button on top and two yellow ones on the other free 1x1 buttons. 
Put it onto the axle. Take a 3-bladed 2x1 propeller piece and put
3 2x1 slides on top, and put 3 1x1 with toe pieces on the free
buttons, toes pointing at the slides. Then mount a white 1x1
button on the end of the propeller blades, and a red and yellow
one on the white buttons as before. Mount that part on the axle.
Take a 1x1 cone and put a stick with a star in it, put this part
on the axle.
Build a present, take a 2x2 and put a fs2x1 with
one button on top hor. Repeat symmetrically at the front. Put a 1x1 wedge
on the front button, slide to the back, repeat symmetrically at the
back. Take a f2x1 (white and put a f2x1 on top (red) hold the
parts hor. Put a fs2x1 with one button on (red) Put a 1x1 button
(white) on top. Make a ladder: Take a 2x1/2x1 hinge, and put it
Horizontal on the table, hinge to the back. Take a 4x1 railing and put
it on the hinge, overhanging to the left, repeat symmetrically at the
right. Put a f4x1 on each of the railings, and put a f2x1/2x1
hinge on top as before. Put the dad on the ladder.
Build a camera:
Take a 2x1 with side buttons and protrusion, put a fs
round 1x1 on the side buttons, and put a f3x1 on top,
overhanging to cover the protrusion, put a f1x1 wedge on the back
button, slide to the bottom. Put a f1x1 (blue) on a clear 1x1 nd
put it on the front button of the f3x1. Put a 1x1 button black on
the opposite button, and put another one on top, (to the front of
the wedge. Take a f3x2 and put it horizontal on the table, take a f2x1
green and put it on the left end, vertical, put a white f2x1 in the
middle, and another f2x1 (green) to the right. Put a green f2x1
and put it vertical on the left and right on top, leaving a 2x1 gap in
the middle. Put a fs2x1 with one button in the gap. Take a fs2x1
(Printed with a letter) and put it on the button. Put it under
the tree.
You are done! Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
§
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.