10966 Duplo Bath Time Fun - Floating Animal Island
The 20-piece set includes 4 irresistible bathtub animals: a fish, octopus, lion and flamingo! There are
lots of activities on and around the floating island. Great for kids aged 18 months and up! The bucket
inspires many play possibilities. The floating ring opens for quick and easy cleaning. After bath time,
store the animals away inside the island. Mix up the animals and rings for endless bath time fun. Boost
toddlers’ motor skills, imagination and creativity. The island measures over 8.5 in. (22 cm) wide. This set
can connect with other sets 10964 and 10965. On the box, the 4 animals are floating and swimming in a
bathtub.
Note: This set comes with a poster showing all the animals hiding inside the floating island and the
flamingo on a blue floating ring. The back of the poster shows the additional sets that can be purchased
separately and connected. The set does not come with any other instructions.
When you're done building, you can store your animals in the cylindrical container, which is also the
island! The lid is very hard to remove, so ask for help if you can't remove it.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
§
First let's build our lion!
1. Find a brown lion's head, It has no studs on top.
2. Put it on a yellow 2x2 curved brick with 4 studs. (It's printed with the lion’s paws which are holding a
camera.)
Well done, now he can take pictures of all the other animals he meets!
Now, let's build a fish!
1. Put a yellow 2x4 curved brick, with 4 studs horizontally on the table. This is our fish's tale.
2. Now put a blue inverted 2x4 curved brick horizontally on top. It has scales printed on it.
3. Put a blue 2x4 curved brick horizontally on top, it has more scales printed on it.
4. Put a light blue 2x4 curved brick on top. It's printed with the fish's eyes.
Great work!
Now let's build our flamingo!
1. Put a pink 2x2 brick on the table.
2. Put a pink 2x4 curved inverted brick on the previous piece.
3. Put a pink 2x3 curved brick with 4 studs horizontally overhanging to the left. This brick is printed with
the bird's wings.
4. Put a pink 2x3 curved brick horizontally on the right end of the bird, overhanging to the right. This
brick is printed with the bird's eyes.
Wonderful! 
Now we'll make the octopus.
1. Put a printed curved light green 2x4 brick horizontally on the table. It's printed with the octopus's
tentacles.
2. Put an oval 2x4 brick with 4 studs horizontally on top. It's printed with his round mouth.
You have built all the animals, well done!
Now let's build a tree.
1. Put a 2x2 brown brick on the table.
2. Put a tall brown 2x2 cylinder on top.
3. Put a light green 4x2 curved brick horizontally on top in the middle, its left and right ends overhanging.
4. Put another light green 4x2 curved brick horizontally on top in the middle.
Your palm tree is done!
The set also comes with a life-preserver that you can take apart and put water in, and a cup that you
can put on top of the life preserver.
You're all done!
Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!