10732 Guido and Luigi's Pit Stop
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
§
Let’s get started!
Take a 4x2 with a concaved 2x2 and short wheel axles and put the wheels on.
Put 2 fs2x1s with 1 button hor onto the raised 2x1s at the front and the back of the part.
Put 2 f2x1s hor on top of the pps.
Take a 2x1-2x4 corner piece and put it on the pps 2x4 upright to the front and repeat symm to the back.
Take a 2x4-2x2 fat windshield piece and put it windshield to the front on the front part of your structure.
(It is printed with eyes). Take another part and put it symm to the back.
Take a 2x1 grate and put it hor in the middle of the top row of the upright 4x2, put a fs2x1 hor below it,
also in the middle.
Take a curved phone-receiver piece, (a curved 4x1 with concaved 2x1) and put it on the front row of the
front (upright.)
Put another piece the same way on the bottom row of the 4x2 upright part, the bottom one is printed
with his mouth.
Put an fs4x1 hor on the back, on the upper upright row of the upright 2x4.
Put a f2x1 hor on the bottom row in the middle of the f2x4.
Put a phone receiver piece hor on top.
Make another car.
Put the f2x2 on the windshields at the top of the car.
Take a 4x2 and put it hor on the table, put a 2x1 ver on the right and left sides.
Put a 2x2 with axles on, axles to the front and to the back,
Put a curved 3x2 on 2x2 on the middle, curve to the left. so that the right-most row of the part is free.
Put a 2x1 with smooth curved wings on, at the right, wings to the right.
Put a2x1 on top.
Put a tall 2x2 slope with 2 buttons on top, of the 2x2 of the curved piece, slope to the right, put a 2x1
with cornice ver on top cornice to the right.
Put a 2x2 inverted disk nder the wheels.
Take an 8x6 with smooth middle and 2x2 in the middle, and put a 2x8 hor on the back row, (not
concaved, put two curved 2x1s in the concaved 4x1s at the left curves to the left,
and repeat symm at the right.
Put a fs4x1 on the back row of the part in the middle.
Put a 2x1 ver on the second and 7th columns of the 8x2 piece.
Put a 2x1 with clasp on the left end, clasp to the left, and a 2x1 with two side buttons on the right.
Put a 2x2 brick on top on the left end.
Put a 2x1 with axle hor, on the back row, axle to the front. Put a curved 2x2 on top curve to the
back. 
Put a 2x2 on the left part of the right 2x2 (ver) and put a 2x1 with clasp to the right clasp to the right.
Put a 2x2 dome on top of the right brick, put an l-shaped stick into the clasp, curved end into the clasp,
stick to the left.
Put a round sign on a clasp onto the stick. Make a sign (reading Rust Easy Bumper Ointment).
Put a 4x2 hor on the table.
Stack three 4x1s on the back row.
Put a tall 4x1 window piece in the front (sign reads Rust Easy Bumper Ointment) and put 2 4x2s with
2x2 and curve ver on the front, on the left and right.
Put a 4x1 curve on the front concaved 4x1 curve to the front.
Put the sign on the back of the structure hor, in between the 2x2 bricks.
Take a 2x1 handle and put it hor on the curved 2x1s in the middle.
Put the 2x1 with two clasps on the handle.
Take a hose and put a telescope piece (wide end first) on one end of the hose.
Put a 1x1 cone on the narrow end of the telescope piece.
Put the hose into the 1x1 side button and clasp the handle of the hose into
the right clasp.
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
§
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.