10244 Lego Fairground
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
§
The build is separated into the following three phases: Book 1.
Minifigures, midway booths (strongman game, dunk tank and ticket
booth), transport for booths. Book 2. Truck and trailer for the
Fairground Mixer. Book 3. Fairground Mixer ride and fence.
Book 1.
1-3. Build a man on stilts.
Put a F 2x2 on the table. Put a F three-button corner piece on
top. Letter F. Put a F 1x1 with a clasp on the free button, clasp
overhanging at the front. Put a F 2x2 with one button on top. Put
a FS 1x1 on top. Put this piece on one of the minifigures head,
as is.
Make three skittles by connecting a cone to a cone with a stick,
wide end, to wide end. Insert one into the clasp on the head and
put two into his hands.
Put two 1x1 tall pieces on his legs and put two shoe pieces
underneath, the toes to the front.
1-25. transport for the booths.
Put a F 4x1 with two buttons ver on the table. Put a 12x1 with
side holes hor on the back buttons and to the right. Put another
such piece symm at the front.
Flip upside down, front to back. Put a F 8x1 with a cornice hor,
upside down, cornice to the front, on the back left end, skipping
one button from the left. Repeat symm at the front. Put a F 4x1
with two buttons ver, upside down, to the right of the two PPs.
Flip right side up. Put a F 8x1 with a cornice hor, cornice to
the front, at the back row, to the right of the PP. Repeat symm 
at the front. Put a F 4x1 with two buttons ver to the right of
the two PPs.
Connect by putting an 8x1 with side buttons hor on the back row,
to the right of the 12x1, and the other symm at the front. Lay
momentarily aside.
Make a part. Sandwich a F 2x1 with a clasp between two F 2x1
pieces. Put two 2x1/2x2 corner pieces hor side by side, the 2x2
side button wall upright to the back. And connect by putting your
part on top, in the middle, the clasp to the front. Put this part
ver, the clasp to the left, as the right edge of your main part.
Connect by putting a F 4x2 ver on top and to the left.
Put a F 2x1 hor to the left, at the back. Put a 2x1/2x1 corner
piece hor to the left, the side wall to the back and to the top.
Put a F 4x1 hor to the left. Put a 2x1/2x1 to the left, as
before. Put a 2x1 with a clasp hor to the left, the clasp to the
back. Put a F 4x1 hor to the left. Put a 2x1/2x1 to the left s
before.
Repeat step 6.1 symm at the front.
7.1 put a 6x1 hor at the left end of the back wall. Put a F 2x1
hor to the right. Put a 3z1 hor to the right. Put a 6x1 hor to
the right. Put a F 3x1 hor to the right.
7.2 repeat step 7.1 symm at the front.
8. Flip upside down, front to back.
8.1. put a 2x1/2x2 corner piece hor, upside down, on the left end
of the back wall, the 2x2 side to the back, to the bottom. Skip
six columns to the right and repeat. Skip four columns to the
right and repeat. Put a FS 2x2 disk on the right end of the back
wall.
8.2 Repeat step 8.1 symm at the front.
9. Mount a grate upright, hor, at the left end of the front wall,
on the two bottom side buttons. Put a FS 1x1 disk on the wide end
of a candlestick piece and insert ver, the disk to the bottom, on
the clasp on the front wall. Mount a F 8x2 upright, hor, to the
right, on the two top side buttons and to the right. Mount a
grate upright, hor, underneath the right bottom end of the PP.
10. Mount a bench piece upright, hor, the back to the front at
the top, to the top of the PP. Mount another bench piece to the
top, as before. Mount a 2x1 half-cylinder hor to the left.
Repeat. Mount a grate upright, hor, to the left, at the top row.
Mount a FS 2x2 curve piece upright to the bottom, the slide to
the bottom. Lay momentarily aside. Make a part. Put a F 2x1 with
two side holes ver on the table. Insert a connector from the
right into the bottom hole. Put another such piece from the
right, as before. Insert a long end of a half-connector from the 
right into the top hole of the PP. Put a FS 1x1 disk on the
half-connector. Mount this part upright, ver, the disk to the
left, at the left end of the front wall, to the top of the grate.
11. Rotate left to right (the disk of the previous part should
be at the right end of the back wall). Mount a grate upright,
hor, at the right end of the front wall, at the bottom row.
Insert a hammer, the head to the top, in the clasp on the front
wall. Mount a F 8x2 upright, hor, to the left, at the two top
rows. Mount a grate upright, hor, to the bottom of the left end
of the PP.
12. Mount two benches to the top, as before. Mount a 2x1
semi-cylinder hor to the right. Repeat. Mount a grate upright,
hor, to the right, at the top row. Mount a FS 2x2 curve to the
bottom, slide to the bottom. Lay momentarily aside. Make a part.
Put a F 2x1 with two side holes ver on the table. Insert a
connector from the right into the bottom hole. Put another such
piece from the right, as before. Insert a long end of a
half-connector from the right into the top hole of the PP. Put a
FS 1x1 disk on the half-connector. Mount ver, the disk to the
right, on the right end of the front wall, symm to the similar
part at the back.
13. Flip rotate left to right (the disks should be at the left
wall). Stack two 1x1 buttons and put at the right end of the
front wall. Repeat at the back. Put a 2x2 cylinder to the front
and to the left. Put a 2x2 with an arch hor, the arch to the
front, to the left of the front button stack. Repeat symm at the
back.
14. Put a F 6x1 ver on the right edge (on the button stacks).
Skip two columns to the left and put a F 6x4 ver there. Put a F
4x1 ver to the left, in the middle. Put a F 8x8 lattice piece to
the left, to the front and to the back. Put a F 8x4 ver to the
left.
15. mount a 2x1/2x2 ver on the front end of the right wall, the
2x2 side buttons upright to the right and to the bottom. Repeat
symm at the back. Put a F 2x1 ver on the right wall, in the
middle. Put a F 4x2 ver to the left, to the front and to the
back. Put a F 6x1 hor to the front and to the left. Repeat symm
at the back. Put a F 1x1 with a side hole hor to the front of the
leftmost button of the PP, the side hole to the left. Put a F 2x1
ver to the front of the right button of the PP. Put another F 1x1
with a side hole hor to the front and to the left, as before. Put
a S 2x1 wedge hor, slide to the front, on the right end of the
front edge of the 8x8 lattice piece. Repeat symm at the back. Put
a FS 8x1 hor to the left. Repeat symm at the front. Put a S 2x1
wedge hor, slide to the front, to the left. Repeat symm at the
back. Put a FS 3x1 ver to the front of the left column of the PP.
Put a FS 3x1 ver to the front. Put a F 2x2 with one button on
the 4th-5th column from the left, on the 4th-5th row from the
front. Skip two columns to the right and put another F 2x2 with
one button there.
16. Put a door hor on the right end of the front wall, skipping
two columns from the right, the handle to the left and to the
front. Put a F 2x1 ver to the back of the rightmost column of the
PP. Put a 2x1 steering wheel ver to the back, the steering wheel
to the left. Put a door hor to the back and to the left, the
handle to the left and to the back. Put a 1x1 corner piece to the
left, the walls to the back and to the left. Repeat symm at the
front. Put a 6x1 ver to the left of the two PPs. Put a F 1x1 with
a clasp hor on the front button of the PP, the clasp overhanging
to the left. Repeat symm at the back.
17. Stack two F 1x1 with clasp and put ver on top of the PP, the
clasps overhanging to the back. Repeat symm at the front. Put a
2x1 slide hor on the right end of the front wall, the slide to
the right. Repeat symm at the back. Put a 4x1 ver to the front of
the left column of the PP. put a 4x1 slide ver to the right, the
slide overhanging at the right. Skip three columns to the left
and put a chair to the left of the steering wheel, the seat
obviously to the right. Put a cup to the front, in the right
front inner corner.
18. Put a 6x1 windshield ver on the second and third column from
the right, the slide to the right. Skip three columns to the left
and put a 1x1 on top of the stacked clasp at the front and at the
back. Put two 2x1 shelf pieces ver in between, the shelves to the
right.
19. Put a f 6x1 vert on top of the two PP and to the front and to
the back. Insert a shovel and a broom on the double clasps at the
front and at the back, handles to the bottom.
20. Put a F 2x1 with a cornice ver, the cornice to the right, on
the second and third rows from the front of the F 6x1 (the back
wall of the cabin). Put a F 2x1 with a cornice ver to the back,
as before. Put three F 2x1 with a cornice ver on the windshields,
the cornices to the right.
21. Put a 1x1 wedge on the front end of the back cabin wall, the
slide to the front. Repeat symm at the back. Put a F 4x1 ver in
between. Put a F 6x4 with four buttons (the roof piece) ver to
the right, the buttons to the left. Insert the short end of a
muffler piece from the front into the hole at the back of the
back cabin wall, the long end to the front and to the left.
Repeat symm at the back.
22. Make a part. Put a pew piece hor on the table. Insert a
connector of a F 2x2 with an attached connector into the pew
piece. Put a FS 4x2 hor on top, overhanging to the sides. Affix a
sticker with a Lego Amusements sign on top. Install ver, the pew
to the right, on the two middle buttons of the 6x4 roof piece and
swing the Lego sign piece diagonally down. Lay momentarily aside.
23. Make the front piece. Put a f 4x4 on the table. Put a FS 2x1
hor in the middle of the front row. Affix the sticker with the
license plate. Put a 1x1 clasp hor to the back, of its left
column. Put a 1x1 clasp hor to the right. Put a S 2x1 curve hor 
to the right, slide overhanging at the right. Repeat symm at the
left. Put a grate hor to the back and to the right. Put a grate
hor to the back. Put a grate hor to the leftt. Put a grate hor to
the front. Put a fence piece hor on top of the grates and to the
front, inserting the two middle vertical poles into the clasps.
Push it all the way to the back. Mount upright, hor, the license
plate to the right and to the bottom, on the right outer wall of
the truck, starting from the bottom.
24. Mount two 1x1 wedges on the two side buttons at the front end
of the right wall, the slides to the front. Repeat symm at the
back.
25. Insert a cross end of a cross connector into the snowflake
side of a wheel. Put a rubber tire on it. Repeat to make four.
Install with the snowflake side to the inside of the truck.
Mount the two other 1x1 wedges above first ones, the same way.
Enjoy!

Large Bag 2.
Numbers 1-13. Strongman booth
Put a F 3x2 hor on the table. Put a F 2x1 with a hinge ver on the
rightmost column, the hinge overhanging to the right.
Put a F 14x2 hor to the left, overhanging to the left.
Put a F 16x2 hor underneath the overhanging end of the PP and to
the left.
Put a F 3x2 on top, skipping the leftmost column.
Make a part. Put a F 1x1 on each end of a F 4x1. Put this part
ver underneath the leftmost column of your structure, protruding
to the front and to the back.
Put a F 2x2 on the right end of your structure. Put a F 2x1 with
one button ver to the left. Put a FS 2x1 ver to the left. Repeat.
Put a FS 2x2 to the left. Put a FS 2x1 ver to the left. Put a FS
2x2 to the left. Put a FS 2x1 from a sep bag ver to the left. Put
a FS 2x2 to the left. Put a FS 2x1 from a sep bag ver to the
left. Put a FS 2x1 from a sep bag ver to the left. Put a FS 2x2
to the left. Put a FS 2x1 from a sep bag ver to the left. Skip
one column to the left and put two F 2x2 with a hole there, back
to front, holes overhanging to the left.
Put a F 2x1 with one button ver in the middle of the left edge.
Put a FS 2x2 to the right. Put a F 2x2 with one button on the
right end of your structure.
Put a saucer piece on top of the PP, the rim to the bottom. Put a
1x1 clasp ver to the left. Put a 1x1 clasp ver on the left edge.
Insert the left end of a stick into the left clasp, but do not
yet insert the right end into the right clasp. Lay momentarily 
aside.
Make a base part. Put a F 6x6 on the table. Put a F 2x1 hor in
the middle of the front edge. Put a F 2x1 with one button hor on
top. Put a F 2x2 with a connector on the back edge, skipping the
leftmost column. Put another such piece to the right. Install the
previous part upright, ver, the saucer on the top to the front,
onto the two connectors on your base. Lay momentarily aside.
Make a part. Insert the connectors of two 2x1 with the side
connectors into both ends of a F 2x2 with a hole. Put a F 2x1
with two clasps hor on the back edge, in the middle, the clasps
overhanging to the back. Put a F 2x1 with a hook hor to the
front, the hole overhanging to the front. Put a saucer onto the
hook, the rim to the top. Put a FS 2x2 to the back. Install this
part as is in the middle of your structure, starting from the
front edge.
Put a tube onto the stick.
Insert the upper end of the stick into the clasp.
Bag 13. The hammers and the hammer holder.
1-2. Stand.
Put a F 4x2 hor on the table. Put a F 2x1 with one button ver on
the right edge. Repeat symm at the left.
Put a stand piece hor on top.
A small hammer. Insert a stick into a long end of a gavel piece.
Stack two 1x1 buttons. Repeat. Put on two ends of a barrel
faucet. Put two FS 1x1 disks on ends. Install this hammer on the
stand.
Large hammer. Put a F 1x1 on the table. Put a 1x1 with side
buttons on top. Mount two FS 1x1 on the back and front side
buttons. Insert the short end of a stick with ring, into the top
button. Mount two 2x2 cylinders onto the left and right side
buttons. Mount two FS 2x2 disks on the cylinders from the sides.
Install this hammer on the stand.
1-14. The dunk tank.
Put a F 6x6 on the table. Put a F 6x1 hor on the back edge. Stack
two 1x1 and put on the left front corner. Repeat at the right.
Put a 2x1 shelf ver to the back, shelf to the left. Repeat.
Put a F three-button corner on the front end of the right wall,
letter F, overhanging to the right. Put another such piece symm
to the back (letter H). Put a F 1x1 to the back. Put a 1x1 on the
left front corner. Put a 4x1 shelf ver to the back, the shelf to
the right.
Put a 1x1 on the right front corner. Skip two rows to the back
and put a 1x1 from a sep bag there. Put a 1x1 from a sep bag to
the back. Repeat. Put a F 1x1 on the left wall, skipping one row
from the back. Put a F 2x1 with two clasps ver to the front, the
clasps to the left. Mount a ladder upright, ver, on the clasps
and to the bottom. Put a F three-button corner piece to the front
and to the right, letter F. Lay momentarily aside.
Make a part. Put a five-hole oblong piece hor on the table, holes
to the top. Insert the long end of a half-connector into the
rightmost hole. Repeat to the left. Put this part on top of a F
2x2 with an attached connector, the attached connector in the
second hole from the left. Mount a 2x1/2x2 corner piece hor, the
2x2 side buttons to the front, onto the two half-connectors.
Affix a sticker (a target made of red and white concentric
circles) onto a FS 2x2 disk. Mount this piece hor onto the 2x2
side buttons at the front. Install this part as is in the middle
of the right wall and overhanging to the right.
Put a door hor on the left end of the back wall, the handle to
the back and to the right. Repeat symm at the right.
Put a F 3x1 ver on the back end of the left wall. Repeat symm at
the right. Put a F 1x1 on the front right corner. Repeat at the
left. Lay momentarily aside.
Put a five-hole oblong piece hor on the table, the holes to the
front and to the back. Insert a connector from the front into the
second hole from the left. Insert the long end of a
half-connector from the back to the right. Repeat. Mount a bench
piece upright, hor, on the two half-connectors from the back, the
back of the bench on the top, parallel to the table and to the
back. Put a F 2x1 with a hole hor, the hole to the right, to the
front of the left end of your part, the hole on the connector.
Install as is on the second and third rows from the front on the
left wall, overhanging to the right.
Put a F 6x1 ver on the right wall. Put a F 2x1 ver on the front
end of the left wall. Skip two rows to the back and put a F 2x1
with a cornice ver there, the cornice to the right. Put a F 1x1
to the back.
Put a six-button tall half-cylinder hor in the middle of the
front wall, the curve overhanging to the front.
Affix two stickers onto the curve (one with a picture of a fish
and the other with the words ” ”Dunk tank” ”). Put a F 2x1 with a
top hinge hor on the left end of the front wall, the hinge to the
left. Repeat symm at the right. Put a F 2x1 hor to the left.
Put a F 4x1 hor in the middle of the front wall. Put a FS 4x1 hor
on top. Lay momentarily aside.
Make a part. Put a F 2x1 with a side hinge hor on the table, the
hinge to the left. Put a 4x1 fence piece hor on top and to the
right. Repeat to make two such parts. Mount one upright, ver, the 
2x1 to the left and to the bottom, on the left end of the front
wall, the side hinge in the top hinge. Repeat symm at the right.
Put a minifigure to the back. The dunk tank is finished.
Make a table part. Put a F 2x1 with one button ver on the table.
Put another such piece the same way to the right, skipping the
one-button space. Connect by putting a 3x1 arch hor on top of
both pieces. Put a F 4x2 hor on top, in the middle. at the left.
Put two balls on the table. Put this part next to the dunk tank.
The ticket booth.
Put a F 6x6 on the table. Stack two 1x1 pieces. Repeat to make
four stacks. Put one at the right back corner. Skip one row to
the front and put another. Repeat at the left. Stack two 3x1
pieces and put ver to the right of the two PPs. Make two stacks
of two 1x1 from a sep bag. Put one on the left wall, on the third
row from the front. Repeat at the right.
Insert the drawers into the chest, put a FS 2x1 dollar piece into
one and two FS 1x1 (token) pieces into the other and install hor,
opening to the front in the middle of the back wall and to the
front.
Put a FS 6x1 hor on the back wall. Put a F 3x1 hor to the front
of the second-fourth columns of the PP from the right. Put a 2x1
1 button slide (cash register) ver to the left and to the front,
the slide to the front. Insert the panes into the two frames. Put
one ver, the pane to the left, in the middle of the left wall.
Repeat symm at the right.
1. Put a tall 1x1 from a sep bag in the left front corner. Put a
tall 1x1 to the back. Put a 1x1 from a sep bag to the back. Put a
1x1 to the back. Put a tall 1x1 from a sep bag to the back. 7.2.
repeat 7.1 symm at the right.
Rotate your part back to front. Put a 3x1 slide ver on the back
end of the left wall, the slide to the back. Repeat symm at the
right. Put a 1x1 from a sep bag (black) to the front. Repeat at
the left. Put a 6x1 arch hor to the front of the two PPs. Affix a
sticker to the front wall (it says ” ”ticket prices” ” and depicts
one dollar=one token, two dollars=two tokens).
Put one F 2x1 sled ver one the left wall, skipping the front row,
the handle to the front. Repeat symm at the right. Put a F 4x1
hor on top of the arch. Lay momentarily aside.
Make a part. Mount one FS 1x1 disk from a sep bag and one from
the same bag on the side buttons of a 2x1/2x1 corner piece.
Repeat to make two such parts. Put them hor, side by side, on top
of the PP, the disks to the front. Put one FS 1x1 to the right,
and the other to the left. Put a FS 2x1 curve ver to the back of
each FS 1x1, the slide to the back. Lay momentarily aside.
Make a part. Put a F 6x4 with twelve buttons hor on the table,
the smooth edge to the front. Affix a sticker (it says 
” ”tickets” ” and depicts a roll of tickets). Put a F 2x1 with a
clasp ver on the front end of the left wall, the clasp to the
front. Repeat symm at the right. Put a F1x1 to the back. Repeat
at the left. Put a F 6x1 hor on the back edge. Put six FS 1x1
disks on the alternate buttons. Put six FS 1x1 disks from a sep
bag on the other buttons. Install this part upright, hor, the
sign to the front, on the top of the front wall, the clasps in
the sled handles. Enjoy!
Book 2. Truck and trailer for the Fairground Mixer.
1-31. Truck.
Bags 1. Put a 16x1 with the side holes hor on the table. Insert
the round end of a x-shaped connector from the back into the
rightmost hole. Insert the round end of a connector from the back
into the third hole from the left. Lay momentarily aside.
Bag 2. 2.1 Insert a ribbed stick halfway into the side holes of a
cannon piece. Put ver on the table, the muzzle to the right. 2.2
Put a double connector from the right into the muzzle, the free
end to the top. 2.3 Mount a F 3x1 oblong piece upright, hor, from
the front, with its leftmost hole on the ribbed stick. Insert a
cross end of a connector from the front into the rightmost hole.
2.4. Repeat 2.3 symm at the back. Repeat 2.4 symm at the back.
Install as is from the front into the second-fourth holes from
the right. Lay momentarily aside.
Bag 3.
Make a part. Put a 16x1 with the side holes hor on the table.
Insert the round end of a connector from the front into the
rightmost hole. Insert the round end of a connector from the
front into the third hole from the left. Install this part as is
from the front to your main part, symm to the similar piece at
the back. LMA (lay momentarily aside).
Bag 4-5.
Make a part. Put a F 4x2 ver on the table. Put a 2x1 with the
side buttons ver on the left front edge, the side buttons to the
left. Put a 2x1 with the side buttons ver to the back, as before.
Mount a FS 2x1 upright, hor, on the two side buttons in the
middle. Affix a sticker (license plate DB 120) on the FS piece.
Mount a FS 1x1 disk on the front and back side buttons. Install
as is under the right edge and to the right.
Bag 5.
Flip upside down, back to front. Put a F 8x1 ver on the left
edge, overhanging to the front and to the back. Put a F 4x1 hor
to the right, on the front edge. Repeat symm at the back. Put a F
4x2 ver to the right of the two PPs. Mount a 2x1/2x1 corner piece
hor to the right, on the front edge, the side buttons to the
front and to the bottom. Repeat to the right. Put two more such
pieces symm at the back.
Bag 6-8. Bag 6.
Flip the right side up. Put a 2x1 with the side buttons on the
front end of the left edge, the side buttons to the left. Repeat
symm at the back. Skip one row to the front and put a 2x1 ver
there. Put a FS 4x1 ver on the eight columns from the left. Put a 
2x1/4x1 hor to the left of the pp, on the front edge, side
buttons to the front and to the bottom. Repeat symm at the back.
Put a FS 4x1 ver to the right of the two PPs. Put a 2x1/4x1
corner piece hor to the right-side buttons to the front. Repeat
symm at the back. Put a fs4x1 ver to the right. Put a f4x2 ver on
the right edge.
Enjoy!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
§
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.