Lego Architecture 21042 Statue of Liberty
The Statue of Liberty was a gift of friendship from the people of France to the United States and has
since become a universal symbol of freedom and democracy throughout the world. Dedicated on the
28th of October 1886, she was often the first thing people saw as they sailed into New York’s harbor to
start a new life in America.
In 1876, French craftsmen began forging the individual elements of the Statue. While the outer design
and materials were given, the real challenge lay in the Statue’s internal construction. Bartholdi turned to
the French architect and structural engineer, Gustave Eiffel, and he proposed creating a 92 ft. (28 m)
skeletal central pylon upon which asymmetrical girders could be attached. Flat metal bars were then
bolted to the girders to hold the copper skin of the Statue in place. Eiffel would go on to use the same
pylon construction method in his famous Eiffel Tower, which was completed in 1889.
The entire Statue was completed in Paris between 1881 and 1884. It arrived amid great fanfare in New
York aboard the French Navy ship Isére on the 17th of June 1885. Once the pedestal was completed in
1886, the 151 ft. (46 m) tall statue was quickly assembled. The last section to be completed was the
Statue of Liberty’s face, which remained covered until the official dedication on the 28th of October
1886. Rain and foggy weather did not stop over one million New Yorkers from turning out to cheer the
unveiling of the new Statue.
The Statue of Liberty was intended to be seen as a universal symbol of enlightenment and freedom. The
robed female figure itself represents Libertas, the Roman goddess of freedom, and although you cannot
see her feet clearly, she stands among a broken shackle and chains, with her right foot raised, depicting
her moving away from oppression and slavery. The seven spikes on the crown represent the seven
oceans and the seven continents of the world, reinforcing the universal concept of liberty. Over time, the
Statue would also emerge as a welcoming symbol of hope to different generations of immigrants to the
U.S. Between 1886 and 1924, almost 14 million immigrants entered the United States through New
York. The Statue of Liberty was often the first thing they saw as they arrived by ship in their new
homeland.
The American National Park Service took over responsibility for the island in 1937 and set about
transforming the area around the Statue into a park. Bedloe’s Island was renamed Liberty Island in 1957
to commemorate the completion of this work. The Statue was designated a UNESCO World Heritage
Site in 1984 and continues to attract around 4 million visitors each year.
Celebrate a monumental blend of architecture and sculpture with this LEGO® Architecture 21042 The
Statue of Liberty set. America’s iconic symbol of freedom stands more than 305 feet above Liberty
Island in New York harbor, welcoming seafarers from around the globe. This impressive LEGO
interpretation faithfully reproduces the monument's harmonious blend of sculpture and architecture with
its intricately detailed shield-lined pedestal, brick detailing and columned balconies. The beautifully
crafted Lady Liberty statue features a flowing robe, broken shackles, 7-ray crown, iconic tablet, and an
upraised arm bearing a golden torch. Finished with an authentic sand-green and beige color scheme,
and a decorative nameplate, this model delivers a highly satisfying building experience to all with an
interest in architecture, travel, history and design, and makes a truly symbolic centerpiece for the home
or office.
• LEGO® Architecture interpretation of the real-world architectural landmark, the Statue of
Liberty.
• Features an intricately detailed pedestal with shield & brick detailing, columned balconies, and a
Lady Liberty statue with a flowing robe, 7-ray crown, iconic tablet and golden torch.
• The included booklet contains information about the design, architecture and history of the
building (English and French languages only. Other languages available for download at
LEGO.com/architecture).
• LEGO® Architecture celebrates the world of architecture through the medium of the LEGO brick
and is developed for all with an interest in travel, architecture, history and design. 
• This set includes over 1,685 LEGO® pieces.
• Measures over 17” (44cm) high, 5” (14cm) wide and 5” (14cm) deep.
• The box has a picture of the completed Statue of Liberty on the front and the back.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
The box has a picture of the completed Statue of Liberty on the front and the back.
§
Bag 1:
We will start by building the base of the statue in Bag 1.
Step 1: Put a black 8x2 plate vertically on the table.
Step 2. Find a black 6x1 tile and a black 4x1 tile. Put the black 4x1 tile vertically on the left column, of
the black 8x2 plate, skipping its frontmost stud. Put the black 6x1 tile horizontally to the front and to the
right of the previous piece, overhanging to the right.
Step 3: Find a dark grey 12x4 plate and put it vertically behind the previous piece, overhanging to the
right and to the back. Find a black 8x1 tile with "Statue of Liberty," written on it. Put it vertically behind
the vertical black 4x1 tile, overhanging to the back.
Step 4: Find two black 8x2 plates. Put one vertically under the protruding end of the Statue of Liberty
tile, and to the right. It should protrude to the back, by a 3x2 matrix of studs. Put the other 8x2 plate
horizontally, its front left four buttons underneath the protruding end of the horizontal black 6x1 tile. It
should overhang to the right.
Step 5: Find two dark grey 12x4 plates and put one horizontally behind the rightmost button of the
horizontal black 6x1 tile, overhanging to the right. Put the other part horizontally behind the vertical 12x4
plate, and to the right.
Step 6: Find three black 2x8 plates. Put one horizontally behind the three buttons behind the Statue of
Liberty tile and to the right, its back row overhanging to the back. Repeat symmetrically to the right. Put
the third black 8x2 plate, (ver or hor?) its front row to the right of the 4 front buttons that are to the right
of the horizontal 6x1 tile. It should protrude to the right.
Step 7: Find a dark grey 4x12 plate and put it vertically, its back 4 rows to the right of the horizontal back
4x12 plate, overhanging to the front.
Step 8: Turn your structure upside-down. Find two black 2x8 plates, and put them horizontally on the
back row, with their back rows protruding to the back, creating the back edge of a square. Find four
black 3x1 corner plates and put them in the corners of the square that's created by the 12x4s, they 
should match the corners, so one should be a braille letter F, another should be D, another should be J,
and another should be H.
Step 9: Turn your structure right-side-up and orient it so that the Statue Of Liberty tile is at the front,
facing you. Find 7 black 6x1 tiles and two black 4x1 tiles. Put a black 4x1 tile horizontally to the left of
the Statue of liberty tile. Put a black 6x1 tile vertically to the left and to the back. Put another black 6x1
tile vertically behind the previous piece. Repeat. Put a black 6x1 tile horizontally to the right. Put a black
4x1 tile horizontally to the right. Put a black 6x1 tile horizontally to the right. Put a black 6x1 tile vertically
to the right of the previous piece and to the front. Repeat.
Step 10: Find 4 dark tan 2x1 tiles, 4 dark tan 6x1 tiles, 4 dark tan 3x1 tiles, 8 dark tan 2x1 jumper tiles.
Put a 6x1 dark tan tile on the front row at the left. Put a dark tan 2x1 tile vertically behind the previous
piece's leftmost button. Put a dark tan 3x1 tile vertically to the back. Put a 2x1 dark tan jumper plate
vertically behind the previous piece. Repeat. Take a dark tan 3x1 tile and put it vertically behind the
previous piece. Put a 2x1 dark tan tile behind the previous piece. Put a dark tan 6x1 tile horizontally to
the back and to the right of the previous piece. Put a dark tan 2x1 jumper plate horizontally to the right.
Repeat. Put a dark tan 6x1 tile put it horizontally to the right. Put a dark tan 2x1 tile vertically in front of
the previous piece's rightmost button. Put a dark tan 3x1 tile vertically to the front of the previous piece.
Put a dark tan 2x1 jumper tile in front of the previous piece. Repeat. Put a dark tan 3x1 tile in front of the
previous piece. Put a dark tan 2x1 tile vertically to the front of the previous piece. Put a dark tan 6x1 tile
horizontally in front of the previous piece and to the left. Put a dark tan 2x1 jumper tile horizontally to the
left of the previous piece. Repeat.
Step 11: Find four tan 1x10 plates, and 4 tan 3x1 plates. Go to the front right free button, of your
structure, and put a tan 10x1 plate vertically there. Put a tan 3x1 plate vertically to the back. Put a tan
10x1 plate horizontally to the left of the previous piece's back button. Put a tan 3x1 plate horizontally to
the left. Put a tan 10x1 plate vertically to the front of the previous piece's leftmost button. Put a tan 3x1
plate vertically to the front. Put a tan 10x1 plate horizontally to the front of the previous piece and to the
right. Put a tan 3x1 plate horizontally to the right of the previous piece.
Step 12: Find 16 tan 1x2 bricks with masonry profile, and 12 tan 1x1 bricks. Go to your front edge and
put a tan 1x1 brick on the leftmost stud. Skip 4 studs to the right and put a tan 1x1 brick there. Skip two
studs to the right and put a tan 1x1 brick there. Skip 4 studs to the right and put a tan 1x1 brick there, on
the rightmost stud of the front edge. Skip 4 studs to the back and put a 1x1 tan brick there. Skip two
studs to the back and put a tan 1x1 brick there. Skip 4 studs to the back and put a tan 1x1 brick there,
(on the right back corner of your base. Skip 4 studs to the left and put a tan 1x1 brick there. Skip two
studs to the left, and repeat. Skip 4 studs to the left and repeat. Skip 4 studs to the front and repeat.
Skip 2 studs to the front and repeat. Skip 4 studs to the front and repeat. Put the tan 2x1 bricks with
masonry profile into the 4x1 gaps between your 1x1 tan bricks, vertical lines facing outward. Leave the
2x1 gaps empty.
Step 13: Find 2 yellow 3x1 corner plates, and two dark grey 2x1 bricks. Put one grey 2x1 brick
horizontally into the 2x1 gap in the front wall, and the other into the 2x1 gap in the back wall. Go to the
2x1 gap in the left wall, and put a 3x1 corner plate to the right, braille letter F, so that the empty corner
faces to the front and to the right.) Repeat symmetry in the right wall, braille letter D, with the empty
corner facing to the front and to the left.
Step 14: Find a grey 14x1 technic brick and a blue 3x1 technic pin. Put the grey 14x1 technic brick
vertically on the table. Put the long side of the Technic pin from the right, into the 7th hole starting from
the front, and push it all the way through. Put the grey 14x1 technic brick horizontally behind the 3x1
corner plates. Find two grey 2x1 brick and put them horizontally in front of the left and right ends of the
technic brick respectively.
Step 15: Find 8 tan 1x1 brick with side stud and cornice, and 8 tan 1x1 round tiles. Put the round tiles on
the side studs of the tan 1x1s with side button and cornice. Put these bricks, on the studs of the 2x1
jumper plates, round tiles facing outwards. 
Step 16: Find 4 tan 3x1 plates, 4 tan 1x1 plates, and 12 tan smooth 1x1 roof tiles. Put a tan 3x1 plate
horizontally on the table. Put a tan 1x1 plate in the middle of the 3x1 plate. Put one tan 1x1 smooth roof
tile on top, slide to the front. Put a 1x1 smooth roof tile to the left, slide to the left, and repeat
symmetrically on the right. Repeat to make 4 such parts. Put these parts on top of the 1x1s with round
tiles on side slides facing out. Fun fact: The Statue is thought to be hit by around 600 bolts of
lightning every year.
Step 17: Put a tan 4x1 brick vertically on the left wall, to the right of the 1x1 smooth roof tile, its front
button protruding to the front, and rear button protruding to the back. Repeat symmetrically on the right.
Stack two blue 1x2 plates ver on top of each other. Repeat to make two stacks. Put one to the right of
the left tan 4x1. Repeat symmetrically on the right side. Take a tan 1x4 and put it horizontally behind the
1x1 smooth roof tile on the front wall. Repeat symmetrically at the back.
Step 18: Find 16 tan 2x1 bricks with masonry profile, and 4 light tan 1x1 bricks. Put the tan 1x1 bricks on
the corners of your structure. Put the tan 2x1 bricks with masonry profile into the gaps in your structure,
with the vertical lines facing outward.
Step 19: Find 4 red 1x8 plates, and 8 white 1x2x2 bricks. Make a part: Put a red 1x8 plate horizontally
on the table. Put a white 1x2x2 brick on its second and third buttons from the left and put another one
symmetrically on the right. Repeat to make 4 parts total. Put one of them horizontally with its middle two
buttons on top of the stacked 2x1 plates. with the 2x1x2 bricks to the left and to the right. Repeat on the
other sides of your structure.
Step 20: Find 20 tan 2x2 slope bricks, and 4 tan 2x2 quarter-pyramid pieces. Put the tan 2x2 slopes on
the edges of your structure, slopes facing outwards, and put the tan 2x2 quarter-pyramid slopes on the
corners, slopes facing outward.
Step 21: Find 2 light tan 1x10 plates, and 4 light tan 1x1 plates. Put the light tan 10x1 plates on top of
the slopes, leaving the studs of the slope pyramids on the corners of your structure free. Put the tan 1x1
plates on the corners, on studs of your structure.
Step 22: Find 16 blue 1x1 bricks with side stud and cornice, (headlight bricks), 8 yellow 1x1 plates, and
4 light tan 1x1 bricks, 8 light tan 1x1 pyramids, 8 light tan 1x2 plates, 8 light tan 2x1 plate with shoe, (?)
4 light tan 2x2 quarter pyramids, 4 red 2x2 plates, 4 grey 3x3 plates, and 4 tan 4x4 plates. Make a part:
Put a 3x2 grey plate on the table. Put a red 1x1 brick on its front left corner. Put two blue 1x1 bricks with
side studs behind the previous piece, side studs to the right. Put two more blue 1x1s with side studs, to
the right of the red 1x1 brick side studs to the back. Put a yellow 1x1 plate in the right back corner of
your part. Make a part: Take a light tan 4x4 plate and put it upside-down on the table. Put a red 2x2
plate in its front left corner. Put a yellow 1x1 plate into the button that's in the anti-studs in the middle of
the red 2x2 plate. Turn this part right-side up and orient it so that your 2x2 plate is in the right back
corner. Put this part on top of your 3x3 plate, so that your yellow 1x1 plate goes on top of the yellow 1x1
plate that's already there. Put a tan 2x1 plate with shoe on the front right corner, shoe to the front, and
put another tan 2x1 with shoe on the back left corner, shoe to the left. Put a light tan 2x1 plate vertically
to the left of the front right 2x1 with shoe and put another 2x1 plate horizontally in front of the back left
2x1 with shoe. Put a 1x1 pyramid on the front button of the front right 2x1 plate. Put a 1x1 pyramid on
the leftmost button of the back left 2x1 plate. Put a 2x2 pyramid in the front left corner slopes to the front
and to the left. Repeat step 22 3 more times, you should have 4 total pieces. Put each on the corners,
so that the 2x2 pyramids face outward. Example: on your front left corner, your 2x2 pyramid should face
to the front and to the left. Repeat symmetrically on the other corners of the structure.
Step 23: Find 4 tan 1x6 plates, 4 tan 1x10 bricks, 8 tan 1x3 tiles, 4 tan 1x6 tiles, 8 tan 1x1 tiles, and 24
inverted tan 2x2 round plate with rounded bottom. Make a part, take two inverted tan 2x2 dishes, one
tan 10x1 plates and two tan 1x1 tiles. Take a tan 1x10 plate and hold it horizontally. Put its leftmost
button on the right back button of one of the 2x2 inverted tan dishes. Put its rightmost button on the left
back button of the other 2x2 dish. Put a tan 1x1 tile on the left back button of the left tan 2x2 inverted 
dish. Repeat symmetrically on the right. Put 4 tan 2x2 dishes in between your leftmost and rightmost
dishes, front row overhanging to the front. Put a tan 3x1 tile horizontally on the leftmost front button and
to the right. Put a tan 6x1 tile horizontally to the right and put another 3x1 tan tile horizontally to the right.
Repeat to make 4 parts total. Attach these pieces upright onto the sides of your structure, these parts go
underneath the 2x2 pyramid pieces.
Step 24: Find 12 tan 1x2 plates, 8 tan 2x1 plates with shoe, 8 tan 1x3 plates, 12 tan 1x1 pyramids, 4 tan
2x2 plates, 4 tan 3x2 plates, and 8 tan 1x6 plates. Make a part: Take a tan 2x2 plate and put it on the
table. Take a tan 2x1 plate and put it vertically on the previous piece's rightmost column. Put a 1x1
pyramid on the previous piece's front button. Put a tan 2x1 with shoe vertically to the left of the previous
piece, shoe to the front. Put a tan 1x6 plate horizontally on the back row of this part with two studs
overhanging to the left and to the right. Make a part: Take a tan 2x3 plate and put it horizontally on the
table. Put a tan 2x1 plate vertically on its leftmost column and another symmetrically at the right. Put a
1x1 tan pyramid on the left tan 2x1 plate's front button. Repeat symmetrically at the right. Put a tan 2x1
plate with shoe in between the 2x1 plates, vertically shoe to the front. Attach this part to your previous
part, using the two leftmost buttons of the 6x1 plate. Put a tan 3x1 plate horizontally on your part's left
backmost stud, two buttons overhanging to the left. Put a tan 6x1 plate horizontally on the back row of
your structure starting from the left. Put a tan 3x1 plate to the right horizontally. Repeat to make 4 such
parts. Put them on the edges of your structure, they should go above the tan inverted 2x2 dishes from
the previous step.
Open Bag 2.
Step 25: Every piece in this step is tan color. Find 8 1x2 tiles, 16 2x1 bricks with two side studs, 8 2x3
plates, 4 1x3 bricks, 8 1x6 tiles, 8 1x1 bricks with side stud, 4 1x1 bricks, 8 1x3 plates. Make a part. You
will repeat it 4 times to make 4 separate parts.
1. Locate a tan 1x3 brick and place a 1x1 brick of the same color onto its middle stud. Orient it
vertically.
2. Locate two 2x3 plates of the same color and place them vertically onto the other two studs of the 1x3,
overhanging to the front and to the right.
3. Locate two 1x2 bricks with two side studs on their left side and place them each vertically under the
2x3's left column, making a seven-stud long face on the left, there will be two studs on the front, facing
left, then no side studs for 3 studs, then 2 side studs at the back left. The side studs should still be
pointing to the left.
4. Place two 1x3 plates of the same color vertically each onto the 2x3 plate's left column, flush with the
left side of the assembly.
5. Locate two more of the same 1x2 brick and place them each vertically onto the outmost two studs of
the 1x3 plates. Then locate two 1x1 bricks of the same color with a side stud and place them directly to
the inside of the two previous pieces, flush with the left side, side stud pointing to the left.
6. Use two 6x1 tiles and two 2x1 tiles of the same color and place them over the side studs making an
outline for a 3x7 rectangle, with a 1x5 horizontal gap inside. Do this by placing the 6x1s horizontally and
the 2x1s vertically.
Repeat this four times.
Then place these four assemblies each onto the middle of each side of the pedestal, with the 2x3 plates
touching corners.
26. Locate a 2x2 plate of the same color and put it on the table. Then locate a 2x2 corner plate of the
same color and place two 1x1 round plates of the same color, each on the ends. Then place a red 1x1
round plate onto the remaining corner stud. Make three of these little corner assemblies and then stack
them on top of each other. Then place this assembly onto the 2x2 plate, so that the empty corner is
facing to the front left, braille letter D. Then locate another 1x1 round plate of the same tan color and
place a 1x1 plate of that color onto it. Make three of these two-piece assemblies and stack them onto
each other. Use this stack to fill the gap by placing it onto the last stud of the 2x2. Top this off with a 2x2
plate with 1 stud of the same color. Make four of these assemblies. Then place each of these 2x2
assemblies into each corner with the red 1x1s facing inward, to complete another layer of the pedestal. 
27. Locate a white 3x3 triangular brick and a yellow 1x1 round brick. Turn the triangular brick vertically
so the long side is to the left. Place the yellow brick into the corner of the triangular brick that's opposite
the long side. Make four of these. Place them each inside the pedestal at the corners, attached to the
2x3 plates from step 25, with the yellow 1x1's pointing inward/towards the inside.
28. Locate four 1x6 bricks, two blue ones and two red ones. Place the red ones horizontally and blue
ones vertically, (the color doesn't really matter though) making an outline of a 7x7 square surrounding
the yellow round 1x1 bricks. The left studs of the front horizontal 6x1 should be in front of the left front
1x1 cylinder, and the right front 1x1 cylinder should be behind its fifth stud from the left.
29. Locate four 2x2 plate with 1 stud of the same tan color, and place them in the corners, with one
corner on the stud of the 2x2 plate with 1 stud from the previous layer. For example: When placing the
plate on the front left corner, it should attach via its right back corner, with the rest of the plate
overhanging to the front and to the left.
30. Place eight tan 2x4 tiles along the edges of the layer, flush with the previous four pieces.
31. Locate a white 2x3 plate. Orient it vertically. Place a red 2x3 brick directly on it. Find two light gray
2x2x2 bricks with side studs. Place the first one onto the front two studs of the 2x3 brick, with the side
studs facing forward, and the second one on the remaining two left studs, with their side studs pointing
to the left. Then find two yellow 2x1 plates with an extended edge, (cornice/door rail?) and place them
directly onto the previous pieces, with the extended edge pointing in the same direction as the side
studs. Make four of these. Place these assemblies in the corners of the layer, on the red and blue 1x6
bricks and the yellow cylinders, with the side studs pointing out. Each assembly should have a two-stud
gap between itself and the neighboring one.
32. Locate four white 1x6 plates and use them to make an outline for a 7x7 square. Place this square
over the yellow 2x1s, connecting the assemblies from the previous step.
33. Locate a blue 1x4 plate and place it vertically on the table. Put a dark gray 1x3 brick on its back
three studs. Place a red 1x1 round plate onto the 1x4's remaining stud. Place a tan 1x3 plate on top of
the 1x3 brick. Place a tan 1x1 brick with a side stud onto the 1x1 red round plate, with the side stud
pointing forward. Cover the last two pieces with two tan 2x1 grilled tiles, placed directly next to each
other. Make four of these assemblies. Place them each into a corner, vertically with the red 1x1 round
plate pointing up, onto the side studs from step 31, with the grilled pieces pointing out, all in different
directions. Put the first one on the front leftmost two studs on the front wall, upright grill tiles facing to the
front. Put the net part on the frontmost studs of the right wall, grille tiles to the right. Put the third one the
rightmost studs of the back wall grille tiles to the back and put the fourth one on the back most studs of
the left wall grille tiles to the left.
34. Locate a blue 4x6 plate. Orient it horizontally. Place a dark gray 4x1 tile vertically onto the 4x6's
rightmost column. Place a red 1x1 round plate to the left of the 4x1's front stud. Place a dark gray 2x1
tile vertically, to the left and to the back of the previous piece. Then place a black 2x1 tile vertically,
directly to the back. Then place another red 1x1 round plate to the left of the front stud of the dark gray
2x1, according to the pattern. Then place another dark gray 4x1 tile vertically to the left and to the back
of the 1x1, like done before. Proceed with the pattern one last time by putting a red 1x1 round plate in
the front left corner of the 4x6. Then place three dark gray 3x1 bricks, each vertically into each of the
3x1 gaps between the tiles. Then place a tan 1x1 brick with a side stud directly in front of each 3x1, with
the side stud pointing forward. Then place a tan 1x2 plate vertically directly behind each previous piece.
Then place a tan1x6 tile horizontally behind the three previous pieces with its right end overhanging the
1x4 tile. Then place three tan 2x1 grilled tiles vertically, over each of the 1x1s and the front stud of the
2x1 plate behind them. Then place three more 2x1 grilled tiles, each directly behind one of the first
three, overlapping with the 6x1 tile. Make four of these assemblies. Then place each of these
assemblies horizontally, with the red 1x1 plates pointing up, onto the side studs from step 33 to the right 
of the assembly that's already there, flush, with the grilled tiles repeating every other column four times
on every side.
35. Locate the last four 1x6 bricks, two red ones and two blue ones, and use them to make an outline for
a 7x7 square and place this square onto the similarly shaped square made from white 1x6 plates.
Open bag 3.
36. Locate a tan 2x1 plate and place a tan 2x1 plate with one stud directly onto it. Make four of these.
Place each of them onto one of the side studs pointing up from step 33, pointing out/protruding. The one
on the front left of the front wall points forward, the one on front of the right wall points right, the one on
the right of the back wall points back, and the one on the back of the left wall points to the left.
37. Locate a 2x1 plate of the same color and orient it vertically. Place a dark gray 1x1 plate to the left of
the 2x1's back stud. Then place a 2x2 plate with 1 stud directly onto the two pieces. Make twelve of
these. Place the first four, each directly to the right of each assembly from the last step, with the 2x1
placed over a side stud from step 34, pointing out. Then place the next four directly to the right of the
last four, and so on, placing three on each side, all in the same way.
38. Locate four tan 4x1 plates and four tannish 3x1 plates and place them next to each other to make
four 7x1 plates. The 3x1 should be to the left of the 4x1. Use these plates to cover the 16 jumper studs,
putting the 3x1 horizontally first, and 4x1 to its right also horizontally.
39. Locate a 2x2 plate of the same color. Then locate a 2x2 corner plate of the same color and place
two 1x1 round plates of the same color, each on the ends. Then place a red 1x1 round plate onto the
remaining corner stud. Make five of these little corner assemblies and then stack them on top of each
other. Then place this assembly onto the 2x2 plate, so that the empty corner is facing to the front left,
braille letter D. Then locate another 1x1 round plate of the same tan color and place a tan 1x1 plate of
that color onto it. Make five of these two-piece assemblies and stack them onto each other. Use this
stack to fill the gap by placing it onto the last stud of the 2x2. Top this off with a 2x2 plate and then a 2x2
plate with 1 stud of the same color stacked on top of each other. Make four of these assemblies. Then
place each of these 2x2 assemblies into each corner with the red 1x1s facing inward, completing
another layer of the pedestal. Fun fact: In high winds of 50 mph (80 kph) or more, the Statue can sway
by up to 3 in. (7.6 cm).
40. Locate a tan 2x10 plate and orient it horizontally. Then place a tan 1x4 plate vertically onto the
2x10's left two studs with the 1x4's front two studs overhanging to the front. Place a tan 2x2 plate with 1
stud onto the 2x10 to the right of the 1x4. Then place another 2x2 plate with 1 stud directly to the right of
the first one. Then place a tan1x3 plate horizontally onto the 2x10 to the right of the previous piece's
back row. Make four of these assemblies. Then rotate each one 90 degrees from the last, and place
them in the shape of the square, with the 2x10s outlining a 12x12 square. Connect them using the 1x4s.
Place them right next to the 1x3s, flush. Then place this square flat onto the pedestal. It should hold
firmly. For it to mount, you will need to move the stacks of corners you placed out slightly so that they
align with the 2x2 tile that they're stacked on, leaving a small gap between them and the grilled wall next
to them.
41. Place a tan 1x4 plate vertically, so that its back stud connects to the second stud from the right of
the 1x6 brick from the previous layer. It should also connect to the left 2x2 tile with one stud that's on the
right end of the front wall-- we placed this tile in the previous step, and there should be a 2x2 tile with
one stud to the right of it. Rotate the pedestal 90 degrees and repeat the process three more times. At
the end, you should have four 1x4 plates pointing in different directions, each protruding out of the
pedestal by 1/2 of a stud.
42. Locate four tan 4x8 plates. Place one of them horizontally directly to the left of one of the 1x4s we
just placed. Its back left four studs should touch another one of the 1x4s. Rotate the pedestal as done in
the last step, and repeat this three more times, making a 13x13 square with a 5x5 hole in the middle.
43. Use four dark tan 2x2 tiles and place them in the corners of the next layer, one stud away from the
actual corners on both sides, with a 7-stud gap between each other marking out an 11x11 square. Place
four 3x1 tiles of the same color (dark tan) vertically one behind the left column, and one to the right of
the front row of each of the 2x2 tiles. You will have to rotate the pedestal 90 degrees in order to place
all of the pieces correctly. Place a dark tan 2x1 tile vertically in the vertical 2x1 gap between the two
horizontal 3x1 tiles, in the middle of the front wall. Again, you will have to rotate the pedestal 90 degrees
in order to place all of the pieces correctly. Take two dark gray 3x1 plates, and place one horizontally, to
the left of the back row of the vertical 2x1 tile, and one to the right of it. This will complete the outline for
an 11x11 square with a 7x7 hole in the middle.
44. Place a tan 1x1 brick into each of the corners of the previous 13x13 square. Then place three more
of the same 1x1 brick onto each of the edges, between the 1x1s, you just placed with a 2-stud gap
between their neighboring ones, placing sixteen total. Then place sixteen 1x2x1 panel tiles of the same
color, (they look like benches.) one into each of the 2 stud gaps between the previously placed 1x1
bricks, so that the panel (the backrest of the bench) is to the back.
45. Locate eight light tan 2x2 cut-off corner bricks with two studs on the top and stack them into four
stacks of 2. Place each stack onto two dark gray 1x3 plates from step 43 where they touch corners, into
the corners of the layer, with the smooth diagonal face pointing out.
46. Locate sixteen dark gray 1x2 mason bricks and place them on top of each other in order to make
eight stacks of two. Place all the stacks onto the remaining studs of the 1x3s, along the edges of the
new outline for a 9x9 square, with the vertical lines on the bricks facing forward. There should be a one
stud gap in each edge.
47. Locate two dark gray 1x3 bricks. Orient them horizontally, and stack one on top of the other. Place
two red 1x1 round plates, one on each of the outer studs of the top 1x3 of the stack. Then locate a black
rounded 1x1 plate with a hinge, and place it between the two red 1x1s, with the hinge pointing forward.
Make four of these. Place each assembly one stud towards the inside of the 1x2x2 stacks from the last
step, with the hinge pointing out, and into the gap. The 1x1s should be level with the 1x2 bricks.
48. Locate a tan 2x2 corner plate. Point one of its ends to the front and the other to the left, Braille letter
D. Then place a light tan 2x3 plate on top, with its left column overhanging to the left. Then place a light
tan 1x2 plate vertically under the 2x3's left overhanging column. Then place a light tan 2x3 on top of the
2x3 plate, covering it entirely. Make four of these and place them over the 1x1s from the previous step
along the edges, and partially over the 2x1s from two steps ago, with the gap in the middle making
space for the hinge.
49. Locate a light tan 2x1 plate with a hinge and place two light tan angled 1x1 tiles onto it making a
triangular shape with a hinge pointing out of it to the back. Then connect each of these assemblies to
the other hinges placed two steps ago, making a small overhang on each side.
50. Complete the layer by placing the same pieces as in step 45 in the corners the same way and fill the
final 1x1 gaps with eight 1x1s placed onto the remaining studs of the 1x2 bricks.
51. Locate the three long red (straight) lift arms. They aren't to be found in any of the bags, they're
packaged separately.) Place a three stud long blue technic pin through one of them, and connect the
other two lift arms to it, making an upside-down Y shape. Feed the four-piece assembly through the
giant hole in the middle of the base and connect the two lift arms at the bottom to the blue pin placed in
step 14. This will secure the structure. 
52. Locate a tan 4x6 plate. Orient it horizontally. Place a white 2x6 plate onto its middle two rows
horizontally, so that the 2x6's leftmost column overhangs to the left. Make four of these. Connect the
four assemblies together using the ends of the white 2x6s, so that the 4x6s make a 10x10 square with a
2x2 hole in the middle, and the white 2x6s make a 8x8 square with a 4x4 hole in the middle. Place this
assembly onto the top of the pedestal, feeding the technic pieces through the 2x2 hole. Some parts of
the 4x6 should overhang symmetrically on all sides.
Open bag 4.
53. Locate four green 1x1 tiles and place them on the corners of the tan layer, outside the white layer.
Then complete the layer by placing eight green 1x4 tiles along the edges between the 1x1 tiles.
54. Locate a red 2x4 brick and place it horizontally onto the front two rows of the 4x4 gap inside the
layer, directly in front of the technic piece. Then locate two blue 2x2 corner bricks and place them
behind the 2x4, making a 2x1 gap in the middle for the technic piece, the right one looks like the braille
letter D, (open corner to the front left) and the left one should be placed like the braille letter F (open
corner to the front right.)
55. Locate a white 1x6 plate. Then place three gray 2x2 plates with side studs in front of them, next to
each other, side by side, with the side studs pointing forward, with their back row under the 1x6, making
the top layer a 2x6 plate. Make four of these. Place these four assemblies into an 8x8 square, onto the
white plates, around the bricks from the last step, with all of the Side studs pointing out, 6 side studs
along each edge.
56. Locate eight green 1x4 tiles, and place them horizontally around the edges, onto the Side studs.

57. Take a green 2x4 tile and put it horizontally in the front right corner of your structure. Take another
green 2x4 tile and put it vertically behind the previous piece aligned at the right, on the right edge Its
front row should be behind the previous piece's back row, at the right. Put a green 2x1 vertically behind
the previous piece's right column. Take two dark grey 2x1 plates. Go to your horizontal green 2x4 tile
and put one dark grey 2x1 plate horizontally behind its back row at the left. Put the other dark gray 2x1
plate, vertically behind the previous piece's right stud.
58. Place a green 1x2 tile horizontally to the left of the horizontal 2x4 tile that's at the front's back row.
Put a green 3x1 tile horizontally i front of the previous piece its leftmost button protruding to the left. Put
a green 4x1 tile to the left of the previous piece and to the back, vertically. Put the 1x1 plate with top
clasp horizontally behind the leftmost button of the green 3x1 horizontal tile and put a green 1x1 tile
behind it. Put a black 3x1 corner plate behind the previous piece and to the left, Braille letter D, with its
opening to the front and to the left, so that its open corner surrounds the green 1x1 tile.
Please turn your structure, so that printed "Statue of Liberty," tile is at the front.)
59. Place a green 2x4 tile horizontally to the left of the 1x4 from the previous step, stretching from the
front left corner along the front edge. Then place a green 3x1 horizontally to the left of the 2x2 corner
plate from the previous step going behind the 2x4's right three columns. Then place a green 1x1 plate
with top clasp horizontally, directly to the left of the previous piece. Then place another 3x1 green tile
horizontally, behind the previous two pieces, with its left end touching the left edge. Then place another
green 3x1 tile directly behind the previous one.
60. Stack two red 2x1x2 bricks with four side studs behind them and place them behind the technic
piece, with their side studs pointing back. Then place a gray 2x1x2 brick with 4 side studs vertically, onto
the other 2x1 plate from step 57 to the right and to the front of the last pieces, with its side studs pointing
to the right.
61. Locate a yellow 3x1 brick and place it horizontally into the gap in front of the technic piece. Place a
green 1x1 brick with a side stud onto the 3x1's middle stud, with the side stud pointing forward. Place 
one green brick with two side studs to the left of the previous piece, side stud to the front and to the left,
and repeat symmetrically with another such piece to the right of the previous piece.
62. Make a part. Locate a dark gray 1x1 brick and place a green 1x1 brick with a side stud on it. Place
two green 1x1 plates on top of the green 1x1 brick, all in a stack. Then place another green 1x1 brick
with a Side stud onto the stack, both side studs pointing in the same direction. Place this assembly to
the left of the stack of red 2x1x2 bricks, with the side studs pointing back. Then take a green 1x2 plate
and put it horizontally on the table. Locate a green 1x2 trapezoidal sloped tile (left) and place it vertically
onto the 2x1 plate's right stud, slope to the front. Then place a green 1x2 sloped tile vertically onto the
left stud of the 2x1 plate, both pieces sloping forward. Place this assembly onto the black 2x2 corner
plate from step 58, sloping forward. This is one of the feet of the statue.
63. Place a green 3x1 plate vertically onto the 2x1x1 gray brick and the 1x1 in front of it. Place a green
2x1 plate horizontally to the left of the previous piece's front stud, placed over two 1x1s.
64. Locate a green 1x3 plate. Orient it horizontally. Place three green 1x1 bricks onto it with side studs
as done in step 61, side studs pointing to the left, front, and right. Place this assembly onto the previous
piece from the last step, and the front stud of the 3x1 from the last step. Locate a dark gray 2x1 plate.
Orient it vertically. Place two green 1x1 bricks with side stud onto it, side stud on each, pointing to the
right. Place this onto the back two studs of the 3x1 placed in the last step.
65. Place a black 2x2 corner plate onto the last piece and the right stud of the red 2x1x2, like the braille
letter D, open corner to the front left. Locate another black 2x2 corner piece and place it to the left of the
first one, onto the left stud of the red 2x1x2 and with its corner stud on the 1x1 stack, like the braille
letter F, its open corner to the front right. Its front stud should be overhanging to the front. Place a green
1x4 plate horizontally onto the three 1x1s, in front of the two previous pieces, with its left stud
overhanging to the left.
66. Locate a green 1x3 plate and orient it vertically. Place a blue 1x1 brick with a side stud onto the
middle stud of the 1x3, with its side stud pointing to the right. Place a green 1x1 brick with two side studs
in front of the blue 1x1, with its side studs pointing to the front and to the right. Then place a tan 1x1 with
two side studs behind the blue one, with its side studs pointing to the back and right. Place this
assembly onto the right stud of the last piece (the horizontal 4x1 plate) and the right column of the first
2x2 corner piece from the last step, vertically. The side studs should be pointing to the front, to the right,
and to the back, you should place this piece on the right edge of your structure, the Technic lift arm
should be to the left.
67. Place a green 1x3 plate vertically onto the left stud of the 1x4 from two steps ago and the left column
of the second black 2x2 corner piece from two steps ago. Then place two green 1x2 plates, horizontally,
one directly to the right of the previous piece's back stud, and one directly to the right of the previous
piece's front stud.
68. Place a white 1x2 brick with two side studs horizontally onto the last piece with its side studs
pointing forward. Then place a green 1x1 brick with a side stud directly to the left of the previous piece,
with its side stud pointing forward. Then place a gray 1x1 brick directly behind the previous piece. Then
place another white 2x1 brick with two side studs to the back and to the right of the previous piece, with
its side studs pointing backwards. Then place a red 1x1 brick with a side stud in the final gap, directly to
the right of the previous piece, with its side stud pointing back, finishing the final 3x4 outline of the layer,
surrounding the technic pillar.
69. Place two blue 1x4 plates horizontally, one on the front row of the layer and one on the back. Then
place two gray 1x1 round plates, between the two blue plates, one on the right edge in the middle, and
one on the left edge, in the middle. 
70. Place a dark gray 1x2 plate horizontally on the front middle two studs of the layer. Then place
another one horizontally on the back middle two studs of the layer. Then place a green 1x1 tile directly
to the left of the previous piece.
71. Locate the two yellow 2x1 bricks with a + hole in each of them. Place them horizontally, each directly
onto one of the two 2x1 plates from the last layer. Then slide the three long axle through them, but make
sure it also slides through the end hole of the technic lift arm going through the whole structure. This will
help keep everything together.
72. Make a part: Locate a dark gray 2x1 plate and orient it vertically. Place two green 1x1s with side
stud on it, side stud to the front and to the back respectively. Place this assembly onto the structure in
front of the 1x1 tile, and to the left of the technic lift arm and front yellow 2x1. Then locate a gray 1x3
plate and orient it vertically. Place a blue 1x1 with a side stud onto the 3x1's middle stud, with the side
stud pointing to the right. Then place two tan 1x1s with two side studs on each of them, onto the other
two studs of the 3x1, with the side studs pointing to the front, back, and right. Place this assembly onto
the right column of the structure, onto the right studs of the blue 4x1s, and the round 1x1 plate, with the
side studs pointing to the front, right and back.
73. Make a part: Locate a light gray 1x3 plate and orient it horizontally. Place it under a dark gray 3x3
plate's back row. Then place a light gray 2x4 plate horizontally, under the 3x3's front two rows, with the
2x4's left column protruding to the left. Then place a dark gray 1x2 vertically onto the 2x4's left column.
Then place two tan 1x1s with two side studs on each of them onto the previous piece, with the side
studs pointing to the left, front and back. Then place a white 2x1 with two side studs horizontally, in the
front row, directly to the right of the front 1x1 that you just placed. Then place another tan 1x1 with two
side studs to the right of the previous piece, in the corner, with the side studs pointing to the right and
front. Then place a blue 1x1 with a side stud directly behind the previous piece, with the side stud
pointing to the right. Then place another tan 1x1 with two side studs behind the previous piece, with the
side studs pointing to the right and back. Then place a red 1x1 with a side stud directly to the left of the
previous piece, with its side stud pointing to the back. Then place a green 1x1 with a side stud to the left
of the previous piece, with its side stud pointing to the back. Build five of these, and then stack them on
top of each other. Then place this stack onto the assembly, all sides lining up with the layer.
74. Turn the structure 90 degrees clockwise. Place a green 1x2 brick vertically onto the back right two
studs of the layer. Then place two green 1x1 cones, each onto one of the studs of the previous piece.
Then place two more cones, on top. Then place a gray 1x1 round plate in front of the 1x2 brick.
75. Make a part: Locate a green 2x6 plate with four side studs and orient it horizontally, with the side
studs pointing forward. Place a green 1x1 plate onto the 2x6's front left stud. Then place a green 1x2
brick behind and to the right the previous piece, horizontally, going along the back row of the 2x6. Then
place a gray 1x3 plate horizontally, directly to the right of the previous piece. Then place a green 1x1
with a side stud onto the previous piece's left stud, with its side stud pointing back. Then place a green
1x2 brick horizontally, directly to the right of the previous piece. Then place a green 1x1 with a side stud
in front of the previous piece's right stud, with its side stud pointing forward. Then place another green
1x1 with a side stud directly to the left of the previous piece, with its side stud pointing forward. Then
place a white 1x2 brick with two side studs in, horizontally, directly to the left of the previous piece, with
its side studs pointing forward. Then place a green 1x1 with two side studs directly to the left of the
previous piece, with the side studs pointing to the front and left. Then place a green 1x2 sloped tile
horizontally on top of the previous piece and to the right stud sloping backwards. Then place a green
1x1 plate to the right of the previous piece. Then place a green 1x1 sloped tile directly behind the
previous piece, sloping to the right. Then place another green 1x1 sloped tile, onto the 1x1 plate we just
placed, sloping to the right. Then take four green 2x2 round plates and stack them on top of each other.
Place this stack directly to the right of the previous two pieces. Then place this assembly vertically in
front of the pieces from the last step, with the stack of round 2x2 plates to the left of of the cones, with
the left two rows of the 2x6 plate overhanging to the back. 
76. Make a part: Stack two green 1x3 plates on top of each other and orient them vertically. Then place
a green 1x1 plate onto the top 1x3's middle stud. Then place three green 1x1 sloped tiles, one on each
of the three studs, all sloping to the right. Place this assembly horizontally onto the round 1x1 from step
74 and the right column of the 2x6, slopes to the front.
77. Place a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (right) onto a green 1x1 plate, and place this horizontally,
onto the side studs right under the 2x2 staked round plates, slope to the back. Then place a green 1x2
plate with 1 stud vertically onto the right column of the cylindrical plates. Place another green 1x2 plate
with 1 stud to the right the previous piece onto the cones.
78. Then place another green 1x2 plate with 1 stud horizontally, onto the studs of the plates with 1 stud
from the last step. Then place a green 1x1 plate with a clip on it horizontally onto the previous piece's
stud.
79. Make a part: Locate a green 1x2 plate and orient it horizontally. Place two green 1x1 bricks with two
side studs each, on top, so that the side studs point forward, right and left. Place a 1x1 sloped
trapezoidal tile on left and right-side studs, sloping to the back and down. Then place a sloped 1x2 tile
on top of the assembly sloping back. Then place this assembly onto the left column of the 2x2 cylindrical
plates, with the side studs pointing to the left.
80. Make a part: Locate a green 1x2 plate and orient it horizontally. Then place a green 1x4 plate
horizontally on top, its right two studs overhanging to the right. Then place a green 1x3 plate horizontally
under those two studs, with the rightmost stud of the 1x3 protruding to the right. Then place a green 1x2
sloped plate on the 1x4's left two studs, sloping forward. Then place a green 1x1 plate directly to the
right of the previous piece. Then place a green 1x1 sloped tile onto the previous piece sloping forward.
Then place another green 1x1 sloped tile to the right and down from the previous piece, sloping forward.
Then place another green 1x1 sloped tile to the right and down from the previous, sloping forward,
making sort of a staircase pattern. Rotate the statue 90 degrees clockwise, so that the printed Statue Of
Liberty tile is at the back, and place this assembly onto the side studs on the very first layer, sloping
down from the statue onto the pedestal, with the 2x1 sloped tile on the right, aligned with the statues
right side. All of the sloped tiles are also touching the pedestal, while the leftmost one is touching the
pedestal but is protruding to the left from the side of the statue.
81. Make a part: Locate two green 2x2 plates and place two 1x2 grille tiles vertically onto each of the
2x2 plates, you'll use 4 total. Place these two assemblies next to each other vertically onto the side
studs right above the previous assembly's right four columns.
82. Make a part: Locate a light gray 1x3 plate and orient it vertically. Place a tan 2x2 plate onto the 1x3's
front two studs, with the 2x2's left column overhanging to the left. Then place a green 1x4 plate vertically
under the 2x2, with its back two studs protruding to the back. Then place a green 1x1 plate onto the
1x4's second stud from the back. Then place a green 1x2 sloped tile vertically directly behind the
previous piece sloping off of the 1x4 to the back. Then place a green sloped 1x2 tile on the back most
stud of the 1x3, sloping to the back. Then place a green 1x2 plate vertically onto the 2x2's left column.
Then place another green 1x2 plate vertically one stud to the right and one stud to the front of the
previous piece, its front button overhanging to the front. Then place two green 1x2 sloped tiles vertically,
each onto the back stud of the two 1x2 plates, sloping backwards, off of the 1x2s. Among themselves,
they should be offset by one stud. Then place two green 1x1 trapezoidal sloped tiles (left) each behind
one of the previous pieces, both sloping forward, down and to the right. Place this assembly vertically
onto the side studs, right above the right two columns of the grilled tiles, with the sloped trapezoidal tiles
partially covering the grilled tiles.
83. Locate the other green 2x6 plate with four side studs, and orient it vertically, with the side studs
pointing to the left. Then place a green 1x2 plate horizontally onto the front row of the 2x6. Then place a
green 1x4 plate vertically directly behind the 1x2's right stud. Then place a green 2x2 stepped sloped tile
onto the back row of the 2x6, sloping back, onto the 1x4's back stud and the backmost stud with a side
stud to the left of it. Then place a green 2x3 plate vertically onto the front three rows of the 2x6. Then 
place another green 2x2 stepped sloped tile onto the back row of the 2x3, sloping back, off of it, and into
the other sloped tile. Then place a green 1x2 tile horizontally directly in front of the previous piece. Then
locate two 1x1 stepped sloped trapezoidal tiles of opposite sides and place them in the front row,
sloping down, to the front, and into each other. The assembly should make a pentagonal shape. Then
place this assembly vertically onto the back of the statue, to the left of the previous assembly, as low as
possible, with the sloped trapezoidal tiles partially covering the grilled tiles again. The side studs should
be pointing to the left.
84. Make a part: Place two green 1x3 plates vertically one in front of the other forming a vertical 1x6
plate. Place three 1x2 sloped tiles vertically on top of the previous pieces sloping to the right, the one in
the middle holding them together. Place this assembly as low as possible onto the side studs in the
groove in the statue, that is the right column, right above the assembly from step 82's right column, with
the sloped tiles sloping to the right.
85. Place three more green 1x2 sloped tiles vertically, onto the side studs to the left of the assembly
from the last step as low as possible, sloping to the right, similarly as done in the last step, but offset by
one stud vertically. Fun Fact: Visitors have to climb 354 stairs to reach the Statue’s crown.
86. Make a part: Locate a green 2x3 plate and orient it vertically. Then lay a green 1x2 plate horizontally
in front of the 2x3. Place a green 1x2 tile vertically onto the left stud of the 1x2 and the front left stud of
the 2x3. Then place a green 1x2 sloped tile vertically to the right of the previous piece, sloping to the
right. Then place another green 1x2 sloped tile vertically, directly behind the first one, sloping to the
right. Then place a gray 1x1 round plate to the left of the previous pieces' back row. Then place a green
1x2 sloped curved tile over the 1x1, sloping forward and into the 1x2 tile. Place this assembly to the left
of the previous pieces and above the assembly from step 83, onto the side studs, with the sloped pieces
sloping down and to the right.
87. Make a part: Locate a green 1x3 plate and orient it vertically. Place a green 1x2 sloped curved tile
onto the 1x3's back stud, sloping down and back. Then place a green 1x1 tile in front of the 1x2. Then
place a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal piece, (left) in front of the 1x1 tile, sloping forward, down and to the
right. Rotate this assembly 180 degrees and place it onto the back of the statue's second column from
the right, as low as possible, with the trapezoidal 2x1 partially covering the 1x2 at the top, and with the
1x2 sloped curved tile sloping into the other 1x2 sloped tile that is sloping to the right.
88. Make a part: Locate the other 2x6 plate with four side studs and orient it so that the side studs are
pointing to the left. Place a gray 1x1 round plate in front of the side studs, in the front left corner of the
2x6. Then place a green 1x2 sloped tile vertically, to the right of the previous piece in the front right
corner, sloping to the right. Then place another 1x2 sloped tile vertically, behind the last one, sloping to
the right. Then place a green 1x1 tile behind the previous piece. Then place two green 1x1 sloped
trapezoidal tiles, one left and one right, both on the back row, sloping down to the back and into each
other. Then place a green 1x3 plate behind the 1x1 round plate, on the front three studs of the elevated
portion of the 2x6. Then place a 1x2 curved sloped tile onto the 1x3's back stud, sloping back off of the
1x3. Then place a green 1x1 tile in front of the previous piece. Then place a green 1x2 curved sloped
tile on the front stud of the 1x3, sloping down forward off of the 1x3. Place this assembly onto the side
studs to the left of the previous assembly, as low as possible, with the 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles
merging into the neck of the statue.
Open bag 5.
89. Rotate the statue 90dg clockwise. Make a part: Locate a blue 1x4 plate and orient it vertically. Then
locate two green 2x2 plates and place their left columns onto the 1x4, with their right columns
overhanging to the right, one 2x2 behind the other. Then locate two green 1x2 grilled tiles and place
them vertically, side by side, connecting the back row of the front 2x2 and the front row of the back 2x2.
Then locate a green 1x1 sloped tile and place it onto the front left stud of the front 2x2 sloping down to
the back. Then locate a green 1x1 tile and place it onto the back left stud of the back 2x2 plate. Then
place a green 1x1 plate directly to the right of the previous piece. Then place a green 1x1 tile onto the 
previous piece. Then place a green 2x1 sloped tile horizontally, directly to the right of the first sloped tile,
sloping down and back, with its right end overhanging off to the right. Then place a green 1x1 plate
directly under that overhanging right end of the previous piece, the green sloped 2x1 tile. Place this
assembly vertically, onto the side studs, into the vertical 2x4 gap in the bottom right of the statue, with
the sloped tiles sloping down to the front.
90. Make a part: Locate a green 2x3 plate and orient it horizontally.
91. Place a green 2x2 plate onto the left two columns of the previous piece. Then locate a green 2x1
curved sloped tile and place it horizontally, to the right of the precious piece's back row, onto the 2x3's
back right stud, sloping down and to the right. Locate a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile, (left) and place
it directly in front of the previous piece, sloping down, to the right, and to the back.
92. Place a green 1x2 plate horizontally onto the back row of the 2x2. Place a green 2x1 brick
horizontally, onto the previous piece. Place a green 2x1 sloped tile in front of the previous pieces,
horizontally, sloping to the front.
93. Locate two black 1x1 bricks with two side studs each and place them side by side onto the 2x1 brick
with the side studs pointing to the front, right, and left.
94. Locate two green 1x2 plates and stack them on top of each other. Place this stack horizontally onto
the last two pieces, the black 1x1s. Locate two green 1x2 sloped tiles, and place them each onto the
front side studs, vertically going down, sloping back and away from each other, with their tall edges
touching in the middle.
95. Stack two more black 1x1 bricks with two side studs each onto the 2x1 plates, the same way as
done in step 93, with the side studs pointing to the front, right, and left.
96. Locate a green 1x2 plate and orient it horizontally. Place a green 1x2 plate horizontally, with its right
end connected to the first 1x2's left stud. Place a green 1x4 two-stepped sloped curved tile horizontally
onto the two pieces, with the second 1x2's left stud still visible on the left of the assembly, not covered
by the 1x4, while all the other studs are covered. Place a green 1x2 sloped trapezoidal tile (right) onto
that last stud, sloping to the left and back. Place this assembly vertically onto the side studs on the right
of the previous assembly, sloping down to the left, with the first 1x2's top stud connected to a side stud
at the top and the 1x4's second tube from the bottom connected to a side stud in the middle.
97. Locate a green 1x2 plate and orient it vertically. Place a green 2x2 sloped tile on top of it sloping to
the right. Place this assembly onto the right-side stud of the two side studs on the front of the assembly,
with the 2x2 sloping back to the right, hanging down from the side stud. Then place a green 1x2 sloped
tile directly to the left of the previous assembly, sloping back to the left, onto the other side stud.
98. Locate a green 1x1 brick with a side stud and orient it so that the side stud points to the right. Place
a green 1x1 sloped tile on top, sloping to the left. Place a green 1x2 tile vertically onto the side stud,
going up. Place this mini assembly onto the right stud on the top of the big assembly, with the sloped tile
sloping down to the left, and the 1x2 tile pressing up against the 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile. Then place
a green 1x1 plate directly to the left of the previous assembly, and a green 1x1 sloped tile directly on top
of the 1x1, sloping down to the left.
99. Locate a green 1x4 tile and place it vertically onto the two side studs on the left of the structure,
centered, with the side studs going around the tubes of the 1x4.
100. Locate a green 2x2 reverse tile and place it under the left two rows of the 2x3 at the bottom of the
structure.
101. Make a part: Locate a green 2x2 plate and place a green 1x2 sloped tile vertically onto the 2x2's
right column, sloping down to the right. Locate two green 1x2 pieces that clip together to make a green 
1x2 hinged brick and connect them together to make a hinge. Place that assembly vertically onto the left
column of the 2x2 and bend the top piece of the hinge to the right up against the 2x1 sloped tile. Place
this under the big assembly, with the top of the hinge connecting vertically to the rightmost column of the
2x3, directly to the right of the 2x2 reversed tile.
102. Place this assembly onto the pedestal up against the statue so that the 2x2 plate at the bottom of
the assembly fits into the 2x2 gap in front of the statue. Locate a green 1x3 tile and place it horizontally
onto the side studs on the front of the statue which are in the side stud row that is the second from the
top its rightmost button protruding to the right.
103. Locate a gray 2x2 plate with two side studs at the front pointing forward. Place a green 1x3 plate
horizontally onto the back row of the 2x2, with one stud of the 1x3 overhanging to the right. Then place a
green 2x2 plate over the front row of the gray 2x2 and the left two studs of the 1x3. Then place a green
1x2 plate vertically onto the left column of the 2x2. Then place a green 1x1 plate to the right of the 1x2's
front stud. Then place a green 1x2 sloped curved tile horizontally directly behind the 1x1, sloping down,
to the right, with its rightmost end sloping over the 1x3 from the previous layer. Locate another green
1x2 sloped curved tile and place it horizontally, directly to the left of the first sloped tile, sloping down to
the right, onto the other sloped tile, with this piece's left end overhanging off to the left. Locate a green
1x4 sloped tile and orient it horizontally so that it slopes to the right. Place this piece's right half onto the
front row of the assembly, so that its left half overhangs to the left and it slopes to the right. Place a
green 1x2 plate horizontally under the 1x4 so that it's hanging down from its right stud and its left stud is
exposed and hanging off to the left, two studs away from the main section. Locate a green 1x1 sloped
trapezoidal tile (left) and place it on that one exposed stud on the left of the structure, sloping down to
the left and to the front. Place this assembly vertically onto the statue above the horizontal 1x3 placed in
the last step, with the side studs pointing to the left, the sloped tiles sloping vertically, and the 1x1
trapezoidal tile pointing up, there should be a stud to the right of this part.
104. Locate a gray 2x2 plate with two side studs in the front and point it so that the side studs are facing
back. Place a green 2x2 plate onto the front row of the first 2x2, with its front row overhanging to the
front. Then place a green 1x2 plate horizontally under the front row of the new 2x2, flush. Then place a
green 1x1 plate on the right middle stud of the assembly. Then place a green 1x1 sloped tile directly to
the left of the previous piece, sloping to the left. Locate four green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles, two left
and two right. Place one of them, a right one directly in front of the previous piece, cut-off corner to the
left and front. Place a left one directly to the right of the first one, horizontally cut off corner to the front
and to the right. Then place the third 1x1, a left one behind the first sloped 1x1, cut off corner to the left
and to the back. Then place the last 1x1 (a right one) directly to the right of the previous piece, cut-off
corner to the back and to the right. Place a green 1x2 sloped curved tile horizontally onto the last stud of
the assembly, which is in the right middle, sloping down and to the right. Locate two green 1x1 plates,
stack them on top of each other, and place them under the right end of the previous piece, the 2x1.
Place this assembly vertically onto the side studs of the statue, just under the horizontal 3x1 plate
placed two steps ago, with the sloped trapezoidal tiles sloping over the 1x3, and the sloped 2x1 sloping
down and back, the part should protrude to the right.
105. Make a part: Locate a green 2x3 plate and orient it horizontally. Place a green 1x3 plate
horizontally onto the back row of the 2x3. Place a green 2x1 tile vertically in front of the 1x3's rightmost
stud, with the 2x1's front end overhanging to the front. Place another green 2x1 tile vertically in front of
the 1x3's leftmost stud, with the 2x1's front stud overhanging to the front. Then place another green 2x3
plate horizontally directly in front of the first 2x3, under the two 2x1 tiles, which are holding the two 2x3's
together. Locate a green 4x1 sloped tile and place it vertically onto the horizontal 3x1, the back stud of
the last 2x3 and the front stud of the first 2x3, with its back-end overhanging to the back, sloping down
and to the front. Locate a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile, (right) and place it on the frontmost
rightmost stud of the front 3x2, sloping down, to the front and right. Locate another green 1x1 sloped
trapezoidal tile, (left) and place it on the frontmost leftmost stud of the front 3x2, sloping down, to the
front and left. Then locate a green 1x1 tile and place it between the two previous pieces, on the front
middle stud of the assembly. Then locate two green 1x2 sloped tiles and place them vertically, onto the
two back studs of the assembly both sloping down to the front, both of their ends hanging off to the 
back. Place this assembly vertically onto the side studs on the front of the statue, just below the
previous assembly, with the sloped tiles sloping down to the front, and the ones at the bottom
overlapping with the "leg" assembly. It should overhang to the right.
106. Make a part: Locate a green 2x2 plate. Place a green 3x1 plate horizontally onto the 2x2 plate's
back row, with the 3x1's right stud overhanging to the right. Place a green 1x1 plate under that
overhanging stud. Place a green 2x1 curved sloped tile horizontally onto the left stud of the 1x3, sloping
to the left, so that the 2x1's left end is overhanging to the left. Then place a green 1x1 plate under that
overhanging end. Then place a green 1x1 tile directly to the right of the 2x1. Then place a green 1x1
sloped trapezoidal tile, (right) directly to the right of the previous piece, horizontally, cut-off corner to the
right and to the front. Then locate another of the exact same piece and place it on the front right stud,
cut-off corner to the front and to the right. Then place a green 2x1 sloped tile horizontally directly to the
left of the previous piece, sloping down and to the left. Place this assembly onto the front of the statue
vertically, onto the side studs that are pointing to the left, so that the side of the assembly is visible from
the front. The sloped tiles should be sloping down and to the right, pressed up against the other sloped
tiles on the left side of the statue, while the sloped trapezoidal tiles should be sloping up, to the right and
back. There should be a stud and two halves of a stud exposed above the assembly. Fun fact: When
the Statue was first erected in 1886 it was the tallest iron structure in the world.
107. Make a part: Locate a green 1x2 plate and orient it vertically. Place a green 1x1 trapezoidal sloped
tile (left) onto the 1x2's back stud, cut-off corner to the back and to the right. Locate a 1x1 sloped
trapezoidal tile (right) and place it onto the 1x2's front stud, cut off corner to the front and to the right.
Place this assembly onto the side studs on the left side of the statue, right above the left column of the
previous assembly, connecting with two side studs one stud apart from each other.
108. Make a part: Locate a green 2x2 plate. Locate a green 2x1 curved sloped tile and place it onto the
2x2's back left stud, sloping to the back. Place a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal (left) tile directly to the
right of the previous piece, cut-of corner to the back right. Locate a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile,
(right), and place it directly to the front of the previous piece, onto the front right stud of the 2x2, cut-off
corner forward and to the right. Then locate a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile, (left) and place it directly
to the left of the previous piece, onto the front left stud of the 2x2, cut-off corner forward and to the left.
The four sloped tiles together should make a pentagonal shape. Place this assembly vertically onto the
side studs on the left side of the statue, to the front of the previous assembly, with all the sloped tiles
flush together, with the 1x2 sloped tile sloping up, covering up all the side studs on that side of the
statue.
109. Rotate the statue 90 degrees clockwise, so that the actual front of the statue is facing forward, and
the printed tile is at the front. Make a part: Locate a green 1x3 plate and orient it vertically. Place a green
2x1 grilled tile vertically onto the 3x1's back two studs. Place a green 1x1 plate onto the front stud,
directly in front of the grilled tile. Place a green 1x1 sloped tile onto the 1x1 plate sloping down and back.
Place this assembly vertically onto the side studs on the front of the statue, at the very bottom of the
statue, with the sloped tile sloping from the pedestal into the grilled tile. Place a 2x1 grilled tile vertically
onto the side studs on the front of the statue, directly to the right of the assembly. Place another 2x1
grilled tile vertically, directly to the right of the previous one. Place another 2x1 grilled tile, directly above
the previous one. Place a 2x1 grilled tile vertically directly to the left of the previous one. Then place the
last 2x1 grilled tile vertically directly to the left of the previous one, essentially making a three stud by
four stud rectangle of grilled tile at the bottom of the front side of the statue.
110. Make a part: Locate two green 2x6 plates and orient them vertically, and place them one in front of
the other, in a 2x12 shape.
111. Place a gray 2x4 vertically in the middle of the 2x12, holding the two plates together. Then place a
gray 1x1 round plate in front of the 2x4's front left stud. Then place another gray 1x1 round plate, this
time behind the 2x4's back right stud. 
112. Locate a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (right) and place it vertically onto the first 1x1 round
plate, cut off corner to the front and to the right. Then place a green 3x1 tile vertically directly behind the
previous piece. Then place another green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (right), this time directly behind the
previous piece, cut-off corner and back, and to the left. Then place another green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal
tile (right) to the right and to the back of the previous piece, onto the 1x1 round plate, cut-off corner to
the back and to the left. Then place a green 3x1 tile vertically directly in front of the previous piece. Then
take another green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (right) and place it directly in front of the previous piece,
vertically sloping down to the front and to the right.
113. Locate a green 1x3 sloped tile and place it vertically onto the back 2x6's back right stud, with its
back two studs sloping down to the back and off of the 2x6. Then place a green 1x1 plate directly in
front of the previous piece. Then locate another green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal piece (right) and place it
onto the 1x1, the previous piece, cut-off corner to the front and to the right, sharing the stud with another
sloped trapezoidal stud sloping from the front, placed vertically, cut-off corner to the front right.
114. Make a part: Locate a green 1x4 plate and orient it vertically. Place a green 1x2 tile vertically onto
the 1x4's middle two studs. Locate two green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles, (both right). Place one in front
of the 1x2 tile cut-off corner to the front and to the right, and place the other behind the 2x1, cut-off
corner to the back and to the left. Place this assembly vertically onto the studs in the back left section of
the previous assembly, so that its front 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile is pressed up against another 1x1
sloped trapezoidal tile, the two sharing a stud.
115. Place a green 2x3 plate vertically onto the front two rows of the assembly, with the front row of the
2x3 overhanging to the front. Place a green 1x1 plate directly behind the 2x3's back right stud.
116. Locate a blue 2x1 plate and place it vertically under the 2x3's overhanging front left stud. One stud
of the 1x2 should be protruding forward. Then place a green 3x1 plate vertically directly to the right of
the previous piece, with two studs protruding forward.
117. Place a green 3x1 plate vertically onto the 1x1 and the 2x3's back right two studs. Then place a
green 2x1 sloped tile vertically directly in front of the previous piece, sloping down from the 2x3 and onto
the 1x3. Locate two green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles, (both left). Place one on the end of the 3x1, on
its frontmost stud, vertically, cut-off corner to the front left. Place the other on the end of the blue 2x1,
the frontmost stud, cut-off corner to the front left.
118. Locate a green 1x3 plate and orient it vertically. Place a green 1x1 tile onto the 1x3's middle stud.
Locate two green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles, (both right). Place one in front of the 1x1 tile, vertically,
cut-off corner to the front and to the right. Place the other one behind the 1x1 tile, vertically, cut-off
corner to the back and to the left. Make two of these assemblies. Place one of these assemblies onto
the revealing left column of the 2x3, with the front sloped trapezoidal tile slightly overlapping with the
sloped trapezoidal tile in front of it. Place the other assembly one stud to the back and one stud to the
right of the first one, onto the 1x3.
119. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees and place it vertically onto the side studs onto the left side of the
front of the statue. Place it over the left two columns of side studs on the front of the statue, with the
sloped tiles slightly overlapping with the grilled tiles at the bottom, and the sloped tiles pressing up
against already placed sloped tiles at the top. The front stud of the sloped curved 3x1 should mount onto
the frontmost bottom stud at the bottom left of the statue.
120. Make a part: Locate a green 1x2 plate and orient it vertically. Place a 1x2 sloped tile vertically onto
the 1x2's front stud sloping down to the front. Then place a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (right) onto
the 2x1's back stud cut-off corner to the back and to the left. Place this assembly vertically onto the side
studs on the front of the statue that are to the left of the previous assembly. Orient it so that the 1x2
sloped tile is sloping down and to the front, and the 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile sloping back and to the 
left. Place the front stud of the 1x2 sloped tile and the front stud of the 2x1 on the side studs, with the
1x1 trapezoidal tile to the top.
121. Locate a green 2x2 plate and place a green 3x1 plate horizontally onto the 2x2's back row, with the
3x1's rightmost stud overhanging to the right. Then place a green 2x1 plate horizontally under the 3x1's
overhanging stud so that the 2x1's rightmost stud is still visible to the right of the 3x1. Locate a green
2x1 sloped tile and place it horizontally onto the leftmost stud of the 3x1, sloping down to the left. Then
place a green 1x1 tile directly to the right of the previous piece. Then place a green 1x1 sloped
trapezoidal tile (right) directly to the right of the previous piece, horizontally, cut-off corner to the right
and to the back. Then place a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (right) horizontally onto the front left stud
of the 2x2, cut-off corner to the left and to the front. Then place a green 1x1 sloped tile (right)
horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece, cut-off corner to the right and to the front. Place
this assembly on the front of the statue, vertically, onto the three side studs above the previous
assembly. The 2x1 sloped tile should be sloping back and up, and the 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles
should be meshing with the sloped trapezoidal tiles that were already placed. There should be one more
side stud slightly to the left of the assembly, facing left. Place a green 1x1 plate onto it. Then place a
green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (left) onto the previous piece, cut-off corner up and to the to the front.
122. Make a part: Locate a green 2x6 plate with side studs in front of it and orient it horizontally so that
the side studs are facing forward. Place a green 1x1 plate onto the 2x6's front rightmost stud.
123. Locate a green 1x3 plate and orient it horizontally. Place a green 1x2 plate vertically under the
1x3's rightmost stud, with the front stud of the 2x1 protruding forward. Place a green 1x1 sloped
trapezoidal tile (left) onto the 2x1's front stud, horizontally cut-off corner to the front and to the right.
Place this onto the 2x6 by placing the left two studs of the 3x1 onto the two back rightmost studs of the
2x6, with the 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile ending up directly to the right of the 1x1 plate placed in the
previous step.
124. Locate a green 1x2 plate and place it horizontally onto the right two studs of the 3x1. Place two
green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles (right) horizontally onto the 1x2, one on the 1x2's left stud cut-off
corner to the front left. and one on the 1x2's right stud cut-off corner to the right and to the back.
125. Locate a white 1x6 plate and orient it horizontally. Place two green 3x1 plates horizontally onto the
1x6 fully covering up all of the studs on the 1x6. Place a green 1x4 tile horizontally over the middle of
the assembly, the right two studs of the left green 1x3, and over the left two studs of the right green 3x1.
Place two green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles (right) one on the left green 3x1's leftmost stud cut-off
corner to the left and to the front and one on the right 3x1's rightmost stud cut-off corner to the right and
to the back. Place this assembly horizontally onto the 2x6's back row as right as possible, with the
previous piece, the sloped trapezoidal tile meshing with another sloped trapezoidal tile already placed.
Two studs of the 1x6 should overhang to the left.
126. Locate another green 2x6 plate with side studs and place it horizontally so that its back right two
studs are under the two overhanging studs of the 1x6 placed in the last step. Make sure that all of the
side studs are facing forward.
127. Locate a green 1x4 plate and orient it horizontally. Place a green 1x2 tile horizontally on the 1x4's
middle two studs. Locate two green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles (right) and place them onto the 1x4, one
onto the 1x4's leftmost stud horizontally cut-off corner to the left and to the back, and one onto the 1x4's
rightmost stud horizontally cut off corner to the right and to back. Place this assembly onto the back row
of the new 2x6, as right as possible, with the previous piece, the sloped trapezoidal tile meshing with
another sloped trapezoidal tile already placed. One stud of the 1x4 should overhang to the left.
128. Place a green 2x1 plate vertically under that one overhanging stud from the 1x4, with the 2x1's
front stud exposed. 
129. Locate a green 2x1 grilled tile and place it horizontally onto the previous piece's front stud and the
new 2x6's front leftmost stud. Locate a blue 1x2 plate and place it horizontally on the front rightmost stud
of the left 2x6 and the front leftmost stud of the right 2x6, between the two layers of side studs.
130. Locate a green 3x1 plate and orient it horizontally, place a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (right)
onto the 3x1's leftmost stud cut-off corner to the front left. Place a green 3x1 tile horizontally directly to
the right of the previous piece, with one stud of the plate overhanging to the right. Place a green 1x4
plate horizontally under the 3x1's overhanging stud, with three of the 1x4's rightmost studs exposed.
Place a green 2x1 tile horizontally onto the middle two studs of the 4x1, leaving only the rightmost stud
of the 4x1 exposed. Place a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile, right horizontally onto that one remaining
stud, cut-off corner to the right and to the back. Place this long assembly onto the front and eight
leftmost studs of the 2x6s, exposing three and a half studs on the right of the assembly just placed and
the sloped trapezoidal tile slightly covering the grilled tile.
131. Locate a green 1x2 plate and place it horizontally to the right of the previous assembly, with half a
stud exposed on the left of the plate and a whole stud exposed on the right. Place a green 1x1 sloped
trapezoidal tile (right) onto the left stud of the previously placed 2x1 horizontally cut-off corner to the
front left meshing with another sloped trapezoidal tile. Place a green stepped curved 3x1 tile directly to
the right of the previous piece, sloping to the right.
132. Place this assembly vertically onto the side studs on the right side of the front of the statue,
finishing the front. The assembly should be placed so that the grilled tile on the assembly should be at
the bottom, bordering the other grilled tiles that are already placed onto the statue. Meanwhile, the
sloped trapezoidal tiles at the top of the front of the statue should be forming a diagonal line going
across the collar of the statue.
133. Rotate the statue 90 degrees clockwise, so that the right side of the statue, the last side, is now
facing forward. Make a part: Locate a green 1x4 plate and orient it horizontally. Place a green 1x3 plate
horizontally onto the 1x4's right three studs. Locate two green 1x1 plates. Place one of the plates onto
the 3x1's right stud and the other one onto the 3x1's left stud. Then locate four green 1x1 sloped tiles
and place them onto the four studs of the assembly, all on different levels, but all sloping to the back.
Place this assembly horizontally onto the side two studs at the very bottom right of the front of the
statue, sloping down from the statue and into the pedestal.
134. Locate a green 1x4 plate and orient it vertically. Place a green 1x2 tile vertically onto the middle
two studs of the 1x4. Locate two green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles, both left. Place one vertically onto
the front stud of the 1x4 cut-off corner to the front and to the left, and the other on the back stud of the
1x4, cut-off corner to the back and to the right. Place this assembly vertically onto the side studs on the
front of the statue, onto the stack of four vertical side studs on the rightmost column, closer to the
bottom.
135. Place a green 2x3 plate horizontally onto the side studs on the front of the statue, at the very
bottom, with the bottom row of the 2x3 placed onto the row of three side studs right above the assembly
placed two steps ago. Locate eight green 2x1 grilled tiles and place them all vertically onto the front of
the statue. Place the first three vertically onto the three rows of the 2x1s we just placed. Place the next
three vertically right above the first three in the same pattern, onto the side studs. Place another 2x1
grilled tile vertically right above the leftmost 2x1 grilled tile we just placed. Then place the last 2x1 grilled
tile vertically one stud above and one stud to the left of the previous piece, so that they are touching
edges. Place this 2x1 grill tile onto the side studs on the leftmost row of the front of the statue, hanging
down from them, exposing three side studs right above it.
136. Make a part: Locate a green 2x2 plate. Place a green 1x4 plate horizontally onto the back row of
the 2x2, with the rightmost and leftmost studs overhanging to the sides. Then place a green 2x2 plate so
that its back right stud is under the leftmost stud of the 1x4. Then place a green 2x3 horizontally so that
its back left stud is under the 1x4's rightmost stud. Then place a green 1x1 brick onto the back left stud
of the second 2x2. Then place a green 1x1 sloped tile directly to the right of the previous piece, 
horizontally, slope to the back. Then place a green 2x1 sloped tile horizontally directly to the right of the
previous piece, sloping to the back. Then place a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (left) horizontally
directly to the right of the previous piece cut-off corner to the front right. Then place a white 1x6 plate
horizontally directly in front of the previous pieces. Then place a green 2x2 plate onto the right column of
the 2x3, with the right column of the 2x2 hanging over to the right. Then place a green 1x1 sloped tile
onto the 1x1 brick, sloping to the right. Then place another green 1x1 sloped tile directly in front of the
previous piece sloping down to the back. Then place a green 1x2 sloped tile horizontally directly to the
right of the previous piece. Then place another green 1x2 sloped tile horizontally directly to the right of
the previous piece. Then place the last green 1x2 sloped tile horizontally directly to the right of the
previous piece. Then locate three green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles, two left and one right. Place a left
one directly behind the right end of the previous piece, horizontally cut-off corner to the back and to the
left, meshing with another 1x1 sloped tile. Place the left one directly to the right of the previous piece,
cut-off corner to the back and to the right. Then place the last one directly in front of the previous piece,
sloping down to the right and to the front. Place this assembly vertically onto the side studs on the front
of the assembly, as low as possible, onto the two rightmost columns, with the sloped trapezoidal tiles
sloping down and overlapping a bit with the grilled tiles, exposing three rows of side studs above the
assembly, and two columns of side studs to the left of the assembly.
137. Make a part: Locate a gray 2x2 plate with two side studs in front of it and orient it so that the side
studs are pointing forward. Place a green 1x3 plate horizontally onto the back row of the 2x2, with its
rightmost stud overhanging to the right. Locate another 2x2 plate with two side studs in front of it and
place it directly to the right of the first one, pointing in the same direction, so that its top left stud is under
the rightmost stud of the 1x3. Locate another green 1x3 plate and place it horizontally directly to the
right of the first 1x3, with its two rightmost studs overhanging to the right. Place a green 1x4 tile
horizontally onto the two 1x3s in the middle, leaving on free stud to its left and one free stud to its right.
Locate a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (left) and place it directly to the right of the 1x4, horizontally,
cut-off corner to the front and to the right. Place another one of the exact same tiles directly to the left of
the 1x4, horizontally cut-off corner to the back left. Then place a green 1x2 sloped curved tile
horizontally sloping down to the left so that its right end is directly in front of the previous piece's right
end. Then place a green 1x2 tile horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece. Then place a
green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (left) directly to the right of the previous piece horizontally, cut-off
corner to the right and to the front. Then place a green 1x2 plate horizontally so that its right stud is
under the green 1x2 curved sloped tile's left end, level with the 2x2s, with its left stud exposed. Locate a
green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (left) and place it horizontally onto the previous piece's left stud, which
is exposed, cut-off corner to the back left. Place this assembly onto the two leftmost columns on the
front of the statue as low as possible, with the sloped trapezoidal tiles partially overlapping with the
grilled tiles at the bottom, side studs pointing left, with the previous piece sloping back up and to the
right.
138. Place a green 1x4 plate vertically onto the side studs on the left of the previous assembly. Then
place a green 2x1 tile vertically onto the middle two studs of the previous piece. Then locate two green
sloped trapezoidal tiles (one right and one left). Place the right one vertically onto the frontmost stud of
the 1x4 cut-off corner to the front right, and the left one on the back most stud of the 1x4, vertically, cutoff corner to the back right. Fun fact: The Statue’s face was said to be modeled on the sculptor
Bartholdi’s mother.
139. Make a part: Place a green 1x2 plate vertically on the table. Find two green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal
tiles, one left and one right. Put the left one vertically on the front stud of the 1x2 plate, cut-off corner to
the front left. Put the right 1x1 trapezoidal tile vertically behind the previous piece, cut-off corner to the
back left. Mount this part onto the side studs above the left column of the assembly placed two steps
ago, cut-off corners to the left. Make a part: Place a green 3x1 plate vertically on the table. Place a
green 2x1 plate vertically behind it, creating a x1 plate. Put a green 3x1 tile vertically on the second stud
from the back, and to the front-- everything except the rearmost and frontmost studs of this part should
be covered by the 3x1 tile. Find two green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tiles, 1 left and 1 right. Put the right
one vertically onto the frontmost stud, cut-off corner to the front right. Put the left one vertically on the 
rearmost stud, cut-off corner to the back left. Mount this part vertically to the right of the previous part
you mounted, cut-off corner to the back left, at the top.
140. Make a part: Locate a green 2x6 plate with four side studs on the side. Orient it horizontally so the
side studs are pointing to the back. Place a green 1x1 plate onto the back right stud of the 2x6.
141. Place a black 2x2 plate so that its back row is placed onto the front middle two studs of the 2x6 and
its front row is overhanging to the front.
142. Locate a yellow 1x3 plate and place it horizontally so that its leftmost stud goes under the front right
stud of the 2x2, so that its two other studs are in front of the first and second columns of the 2x6 starting
from the right. Then locate a blue 1x2 plate and place it horizontally directly to the left of the previous
piece, its left button protruding to the left.
143. Locate a green 1x4 two-stepped sloped curved tile and place it horizontally so that its rightmost
stud is on the left front stud of the 2x2, second stud from the right is on the leftmost stud of the 1x2, and
the left two studs are flush with the ground, while the 1x4 is sloping down to the left. Then place a green
1x2 tile vertically to the right of the previous piece and to the back. Put a green 1x2 curved sloped tile to
the left of the previous piece's back stud horizontally, sloping to the left. Put a 2x1 sloped tile vertically to
the right of the green 1x2 tile, slope to the right.
144. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees so that the previous piece is now sloping to the left. Place a
green 1x2 bottom part of a hinge brick vertically to the left of the previous piece and snap the remaining
part of the hinge onto it so that the two pieces can hinge to the right. Locate a green 1x1 sloped
trapezoidal tile (left) and place it horizontally onto the front right stud of the 2x6 cut-off corner to the front
right Then place a green 1x2 sloped trapezoidal tile horizontally directly behind the previous piece
sloping down right and off of the plate.
145. Locate a black 1x1 brick with two side studs on adjacent sides and place it directly in front of the
hinged brick so that the side studs are pointing left and forward. Locate two green 1x1 bricks with side
stud. Place the first one directly to the right of the previous piece with the side stud pointing forward.
Place the second one directly to the right of the first one with the side stud pointing forward. Locate a
green 1x2 plate and place it horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece.
146. Place a green 1x1 plate onto the left stud of the previous piece. Place a green 1x2 sloped curved
tile horizontally onto the previous piece and the right stud of the 1x2 curve to the right. Then place a
green 1x1 plate one stud to the left of the previous piece. Then place a green 1x1 sloped tile onto the
previous piece sloping forward.
147. Place a green 1x2 sloped tile vertically onto the left side stud on the left side of the assembly
sloping forward, hanging down. Then place a green 2x2 plate onto the side studs on the front of the
assembly, consisting of two side studs from the 2x6 and the two side studs from the 1x1 bricks. Then
place a green 1x2 plate horizontally onto the side studs to the right of the previous piece's bottom row.
148. Place a green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (right) onto the right stud of the previous piece, cut-off
corner to the top right. Then place a green 1x2 tile horizontally directly to the left of the previous piece.
Then place another green 1x1 sloped trapezoidal tile (right) directly above the previous piece,
horizontally onto the top right stud of the 2x2, cut-off corner to the top right. Then place a green 2x2
sloped tile vertically to the left of the previous piece sloping to the left.
149. Rotate this assembly 90 degrees counterclockwise so that now almost everything is sloping back.
Place this assembly vertically onto the side studs in the top right corner of the front of the statue, filling
up all gaps, all tiles connecting nearly seamlessly, mostly sloping up.
150. Locate another pair of bricks that make a hinge and snap them together. Orient this horizontally so
that it can be hinged forward. 
151. Place a green 1x2 plate horizontally onto the previous piece.
152. Place a green 1x1 brick with a side stud on the front and back onto the right stud of the 1x2. Locate
a green 1x1 brick with a side stud and place it onto the left stud of the 1x2, side stud to the left.
153. Place a green 1x2 plate horizontally onto the previous two pieces.
154. Place a green 1x1 tile onto the right stud of the previous piece. Then place a green 1x1 plate
directly to the left of the previous piece.
155. Place a gray 1x1 brick with four side studs, one on each side, onto the previous piece.
156. Place a green 1x1 plate onto the previous piece's right-side stud. Then place a green 1x2 sloped
curved tile onto the previous piece sloping left up. Then stack two green 1x1 plates and place them on
top of the 1x1 brick.
157. Then place another gray 1x1 brick with four side studs onto the previous piece. Then place a green
1x1 sloped tile onto the previous piece sloping down back.
158. Then place a green 1x4 tile vertically onto the gray side studs on the front of the assembly, hanging
down. Then place a green 1x2 tile horizontally under the previous piece and connect it to the side stud
on the front of the assembly, overhanging to the right.
159. Locate two green 1x4 tiles and place them vertically, one right above the other, onto the side studs
on the left of the assembly, the top one being secured at the bottom with the top 1x1 brick and
protruding to the top by 3 studs.
160. Stack two green radar dishes on top of each other.
161. Locate two green 1x1 bricks, one with one side stud and one with two side studs on opposite sides.
Place the one with two side studs on opposite sides on the radar dishes with the side studs pointing left
and right. Place the other 1x1 onto the first one with the side stud pointing forward.
162. Place a green 1x1 plate onto the side stud of the previous piece. Place a green 1x1 cone on top of
the 1x1, behind the previous piece you just placed.
163. Place a green 1x2 sloped curved tile vertically onto the 1x1 plate from the previous step sloping
down.
164. Rotate the assembly 180 degrees so that the previous piece is now at the back and flip it upsidedown so that the radar dishes are at the top. Locate the orange flame piece, it's a minifigure hairpiece.
Flip it upside down. Place an orange 1x1 round plate into the flame piece. Place a white pole piece into
the hole of the 1x1 piece. Then slide the pole through a green 1x1 cone piece, wide end to the top.
Rotate the assembly 180 degrees so that the pole is now pointing down and insert it into the previous
assembly to finish the torch.
165. Combine this assembly to the other assembly by connecting the side stud on the left side to the top
end of the 1x4 tiles, so that the torch is tilted to the right, with the 1x1 sloped tile touching the 1x2 sloped
curved tile.
166. Place a green 1x4 tile vertically onto the two side studs connecting them.
167. Rotate the assembly so that the torch is pointing forward and up. Place a green 1x4 tile vertically
onto the two gray side studs just under the sloped tile. Place a green 1x2 plate horizontally onto the side 
stud on the front of the assembly and under the 1x4 tile. Place a green 2x2 curved sloped tile so that it's
sloping down from the 1x2 plate. Bend the hinged brick slightly back, about half of its range of motion.
168. Place this assembly onto the statue so that the hinged brick connects to the small two stud gap in
the top left section of the statue, reaching forward. The arm should rest against a 1x2 sloped tile.
169. Now we'll make the statue's crown. Locate the green 2x2 octagonal plate. Place a round green 2x2
plate onto it. Take seven green clip pieces with a hole and insert a green rubber horn piece into each of
them. Clip these around the octagonal piece. Because there are only 7, there should be a gap along one
of the edges of the octagon. Place a gray 1x1 round plate in the middle of the 2x2 round plate. Place a
green radar dish on this plate. Connect this to the statue by clipping the empty edge of the octagon onto
the clip piece on the head of the statue. Hinge the crown down over the head. Place a green 2x2 plate
onto the two side studs on the face of the statue, directly under the crown. Place a green 2x2
pentagonal tile onto the previous piece with the sharp corner pointing down.
170. Locate a green 1x2 brick and orient it horizontally. Place a green 1x3 plate horizontally over the
1x2 with its right stud hanging over to the right. Then place a green 1x1 brick under this overhanging
stud. Locate three green 1x1 bricks with one side stud each. Place them onto the 1x3 plate so that the
side studs are pointing left, right, and forward. Place a green 2x1 brick horizontally over the left two
1x1s. Place a green 1x1 brick directly to the right of the previous piece. Place a green 1x3 plate
horizontally over the previous two pieces. Place a green 1x3 tile horizontally over the previous piece.
Place a green 1x3 plate horizontally so that its middle stud goes over the side stud on the front middle of
the assembly. Place a green 1x1 tile onto the side stud on the left of the assembly. Place a green 1x1
sloped trapezoidal tile (left) onto the leftmost stud of the 1x3, vertically. Place a green 1x2 tile
horizontally directly to the right of the previous piece. Place this assembly onto the left side of the statue
so that the bottom right two 1x1s go onto the hinged brick. Hinge the assembly up. Fun fact: There are
25 windows in the crown.
171. Locate a green 2x2 sloped tile and orient it so that it's sloping right. Place a green 1x1 plate under
the 2x2 slope's front left corner. Place this assembly so that the 2x2's right column goes onto the last
two side studs on the left side of the assembly, so that the 2x2 is sloping back, finishing the arm holding
the scroll.
Use two handcuff pieces to add detail to the statue's base by inserting them into the clips at the statue's
base.
Congratulations! That's it!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
At the end of the instruction book, LEGO invite you to Celebrate the world of architecture and collect all
the models:
21041 Great Wall of China
21030 United States Capitol Building
21035 Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum®
21042 Statue of Liberty
21036 Arc de Triomphe
21019 The Eiffel Tower
21039 Shanghai
21033 Chicago
21034 London
21028 New York City
21032 Sydney