71788 Lloyd’s Ninja Street Bike
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
LEGO® NINJAGO® Lloyd’s Ninja Street Bike (71788) makes a great gift for kids aged 4+ to help them
develop both their building and storytelling skills. It includes a supercool ninja motorbike, a bone temple
and 2 minifigures, Jay and Bone Guard, to stage countless fun-filled adventures.
Beginner LEGO set teaches kids how to build:
The LEGO NINJAGO motorcycle playset has been specially designed to give kids aged 4+ a brilliant
build-and-play experience. Inside the box, each bag of bricks has a model and a character to build so kids
can quickly get the action underway. There is also a Starter Brick that provides a partly constructed base
to get kids building.
A fun digital experience for little LEGO builders:
Let the LEGO Builder app guide you and your child on an easy and intuitive building adventure. Zoom in
and rotate models in 3D, save sets and track your progress.
Beginner LEGO® set: – Kids aged 4+ can learn how to build amid the fantasy world of NINJAGO® with
Lloyd’s Ninja Street Bike (71788) playset
2 minifigures:
- Includes Lloyd and Bone Guard, both with swords, for little builders to role-play fun-filled battles
All-action ninja playset:
- After a rewarding build, kids can use their imaginations to stage stories between Lloyd on his motorbike
and his enemy Bone Guard
Bone Temple:
- Kids can add extra fun to their adventures with this small brick-built temple featuring a golden weapon
and a secret shooter that fires out discs
Little extra treat for kids aged 4+:
- This durable playset will give ninja fans endless play options as they learn to build models and create
stories
Portable size:
- Lloyd’s Ninja Street Bike stands over 1.5 in. (4 cm) high, so kids can play with it at home or take it with
them on playdates at their friends’ homes
A new way to build:
- The LEGO® Builder app guides kids on an intuitive building adventure.They can save sets, track their
progress and zoom in and rotate models in 3D while they build
Introduction to building with LEGO® bricks:
- 4+ playsets help youngsters learn how to build, while allowing the rest of the family to share the fun
The box is black. There is a dark red banner across the top which says NINJAGO in stylized white letters.
The front of the box shows a ninja wearing a green mask and shirt, and gray pants riding a motorcycle.
This is Lloyd. He is wielding a golden katana. Another katana is attached to his motorcycle. He is riding
across a desert with a red and black shrine in the background. A skeleton dressed in armor, wearing a
red wide brimmed hat and carrying a red katana is running towards Lloyd with its sword raised!
The top of the box shows both the Lloyd and the skeleton minifigure. The skeleton is called a Bone
Guard. There is also a life sized image of the Lloyd minifigure.
The back of the box shows an inventory of the set: the two minifigures, the street bike, two gold katanas,
one red katana, a red and black shrine, and three light green 2x2 circular tiles. An inset image shows that
the shrine can be used to launch the circular tiles like projectiles! Another inset shows how the motorcycle
is built, highlighting its simplicity.
The build is 64 pieces, and 36 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from Bricks for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up horizontally (left to right/side to side).
- Column: studs lined up upright or vertically (top to bottom/back to front).
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/71788) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
sighted friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the
pieces should be sorted into groups according to the building steps in the set. Doing this in advance
makes locating the pieces easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this
set. Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be collected
into a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with one unlabeled bag, some larger loose pieces, and an instruction booklet. Sort
the pieces into groups as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the same brick in
a step, the colors will be split across two groups to make telling the difference easier for the builder!
LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group away from
the rest, in case you need them later.
A note for helpers: this set does not have numbered steps. I’ll use the page numbers to identify which
pieces go in which groups for sorting! I’ll make numbered steps in the instructions, with the corresponding
page in parenthesis.
Bag 1 (5 groups of bricks)
Minifigure group 1 contains the pieces to build the Lloyd minifigure from pages 6 & 7.
Minifigure group 2 contains the pieces to build the Bone Guard minifigure from pages 8 & 9.
Main build 1 - Lloyd’s Street Bike
Group 1 contains the pieces for pages 10 - 25.
Group 2 contains the pieces for pages 26 - 45.
Main build 2 - Bone Temple
Group 3 contains the pieces for pages 46 - 73.
§
Building Instructions:
Open minifigure group 1 - Lloyd.
Assemble the Lloyd minifigure by placing the torso on the legs, the head on the torso, and finally place
the mask on Lloyd’s head. Lloyd wears an olive green shirt with one light green, and one dark green
sleeve. His mask is green, with a light green bandana. Lloyd wears an intense expression and has bright
green eyes.
Open minifigure group 2 - Bone Guard.
Assemble the bone guard minifigure by placing the torso on the legs, the head on the torso, and place the
red wide brimmed hat on its head. Place a red katana in the bone guard’s right hand. The bone guard’s
head is a skull with glowing red eyes! It has black pants and a black shirt with gray sleeves. Its pants and
shirt have intricate red and silver printing. Tattered bits of cloth cover the bone guard’s shirt.
Open group 1.
Main build 1 - Lloyd’s Street Bike
1. (Pages 10 & 11) We’ll start by building Lloyd’s street bike! Place a green 2x10 motorcycle half
horizontally long in front of you, with a horizontal row of four side studs at the front.
2. (Pages 10 & 11) Place a gold 1x2 jumper plate, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the front
side studs of the previous piece. A jumper plate is a 1x2 plate with a single stud on top, or a 1x3 plate
with only two studs on top. Rotate this half of the motorcycle 180 degrees so the jumper plate is at the
back.
3. (Pages 12 & 13) Assemble two wheels by pushing two gold wheel rims into two rubber tires.
4. (Pages 14 & 15) Place two yellow 2L pins into the pin-holes on each wheel, so there is 1L of pin
extending past each side of each wheel.
5. (Pages 16 & 17) Place one wheel assembly into the bottom left pin-hole on the motorcycle half,
pushing the pin on the wheel in from the front. Place the other wheel into the bottom right pin-hole.
6. (Pages 18 & 19) Place a green 2x10 motorcycle half onto the pins on the wheels, symmetrically to the
first half of the motorcycle. The two sides should meet in the middle.
7. (Pages 20 & 21) Place a black 1x2 brick, vertically long and centered vertically, on the fourth column
from the right. This is the first column on the low middle section of the motorcycle.
8. (Pages 22 & 23) Place a black 1x1 brick with a vertical clip on one side, with the clip at the front, in
front of the previous piece. Place another symmetrically on the back side of the motorcycle.
9. (Pages 24 & 25) Place a dark green 3x4 wedge with a cut out, with the thick side at the right, to the left
of the previous three pieces. This piece looks like two 1x3 slope tiles attached by a 1x4 plate, so it looks
kind of like a letter U, or a C.
Open group 2.
10. (Pages 26 & 27) Place a gold 1x2 jumper plate, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the
front side studs of the motorcycle.
11. (Pages 28 & 29) Place a dark green 1x4 double curved slope tile, horizontally long, on the previous
piece.
12. (Pages 30 & 31) Place a gold 1x2 jumper plate, vertically long and centered vertically long, on the
third column from the right on the motorcycle.
13. (Pages 30 & 31) Place a light green 1x2 plate with a vertical clip, with the clip on the left, to the left of
the previous piece.
14. (Pages 32 & 33) Place a silver 1x4 plate with an angled tube on each end, vertically long, on the
previous piece.
15. (Pages 34 & 35) Place a black short bar with handlebars, with the handlebars vertically long and
angled to the left, on the clip to the left of the previous piece.
16. (Pages 36 & 37) Place a dark green 2x4 decorated curved slope tile, with the thin side at the right and
centered vertically, on the right four columns on the motorcycle.
17. (Pages 38 & 39) Place a dark green 2x3 curved slope with a wing on one end, with the wing at the left
and centered vertically, on the left three columns on the motorcycle.
18. (Pages 40 - 43) Place a gold katana, with the blade at the left, on the clip on the front side of the
motorcycle. Attach the handle to the clip so the blade of the sword extends towards the rear tire. Place
another katana symmetrically on the back side of the motorcycle. Now rotate the motorcycle 180 degrees,
keeping the tires down. The wing should be on the right side.
19. (Pages 44 & 45) Place a dark green 1x4 double curved slope tile, horizontally long, on the side studs
on the front of the motorcycle. It should be horizontally centered on a gold jumper plate. This completes
the motorcycle! Lloyd can sit down on the motorcycle and hold onto the handlebars. You can set it aside
for now.
Main build 2 - Bone Temple
20. (Pages 46 & 47) Place a tan 8x8 plate with one rounded end, with the rounded end at the front, in
front of you.
21. (Pages 46 & 47) Place a light gray 1x4 plate, horizontally long, on the left four studs on the back row
of the previous piece. Place another, in the same orientation, to the right of the first.
22. (Pages 48 & 49) Place a black 1x4 disk launcher brick, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on
the two pieces from the previous step.
23. (Pages 48 & 49) Place a black 1x2 slope, with the slope at the left, to the left of the piece from the
previous step. Place another symmetrically to the right of the piece from the previous step.
24. (Pages 50 & 51) Place a light green 1x3 plate, horizontally long, on the left three studs on the back
row of the temple. Place another, in the same orientation, to the right of the first.
25. (Pages 52 & 53) Place a gold 1x2 jumper plate, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the two
pieces from the previous step.
26. (Pages 54 & 55) Place a gold 1x1 cone on the previous piece.
27. (Pages 54 & 55) Place the handle of a gold ornate sword through the hollow stud of the previous
piece.
28. (Pages 56 & 57) Place a red 1x6x7 arched door frame with round columns, horizontally long with the
round side of the columns at the back, on the second row from the back. It should be right in front of the
sword. Place another, horizontally long, but with the round side of the columns at the front, in front of the
first.
29. (Pages 58 & 59) Place a black 2x3 curved slope with a wing on one end, with the wing at the left, on
the left column of the two arches. Place another symmetrically on the right side of the temple.
30. (Pages 60 & 61) Place two light green 1x2 plates, vertically long, one on the studs of each of the
pieces from the previous step.
31. (Pages 62 & 63) Place a black 1x2 brick, horizontally long and centered horizontally, on the back row
on the arch.
32. (Pages 64 & 65) Place a black 1x1 brick with a vertical clip on one side, with the clip at the front, in
front of the left stud of the previous piece. Place another, in the same orientation, to the right of the first.
33. (Pages 66 & 67) Place a black 2x3 curved slope with a wing on one end, with the wing at the left, to
the left of the previous piece, even with the front and back of the arch. Place another symmetrically on the
right side of the arch.
34. (Pages 68 & 69) Place a black 1x4 double curved slope tile, horizontally long and centered
horizontally, on the front row on top of the arch. Place another, in the same orientation, behind the first.
35. (Pages 70 & 71) Place a white large bony finger onto the right clip on the front of the arch. Attach it
using the bar on the opposite end of the pointy side. The pointy side should be on the top right. Place
another, symmetrically to the left of the first. When attached, these should form the shape of a U.
36. (Pages 72 & 73) Now, you can push a light green 2x2 circular tile through the 1x4 disk launcher brick
at the back of the temple. It will launch out the front! The set comes with three of these 2x2 circular tiles.
Congratulations! Now Lloyd’s Ninja Street Bike is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
There are two pages of ads after the instructions end. All of the sets are other Ninjago sets!
The first page shows the boxes for four Ninjago sets. The first is set number 71785, Jay’s Titan Mech.
This box shows a large, blue, white and gold mech holding a giant gold sword! The second is set number
71782, Cole’s Earth Dragon. The box shows a large black and gold dragon, with tiny orange wings. The
third is set number 71781, Lloyd’s Mech Battle. The box shows Lloyd in a green and gold mech battling a
Bone Guard in a black and red mech. The last set on the first page is set number 71783, Kai’s Mech
Rider. The box shows a large red and black mech riding on an even larger black and red motorcycle! The
mech wields a long spear with a golden blade.
The second page shows the boxes for four more Ninjago sets. The first is set number 71786, Zane’s Ice
Dragon Creature. The box shows an enormous white, blue, and gold ice dragon. There are a number of
ninjas and bone guards in combat, as well as another bone temple in the background. The second set is
71780, Kai’s Ninja Race Car. The box shows a red and gold race car with a golden wing at the back. The
third set is set number 71787, Creative Ninja Brick Box. The image shows a plastic box shaped like a
giant 2x4 brick. On the front are images of various models you can make with the pieces in the box,
including a car, a motorcycle, houses, training equipment, and various ninjas. The final set shown is set
71784, Jay’s Lightning Jet. The box shows a blue and gold jet flying in the middle of a lightning storm!
Visit bricksfortheblind.org for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!