40478 Mini Disney Castle
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
Celebrate the Walt Disney World® Resort’s 50th anniversary with this LEGO® ǀ Disney Mini Disney
Castle (40478) set! Fans of Disney’s flagship Magic Kingdom® Park can recreate the iconic Walt Disney
World® Resort Cinderella Castle, complete with pearlized golden tower tops, opalescent blue rooftop
cones and a vintage-style Mickey Mouse minifigure. This unique display piece makes a perfect gift for
birthdays, holidays or other celebrations.
Disney fans of all ages will love this beautiful miniature of the flagship Walt Disney World® Resort
Cinderella Castle attraction from Disney’s Magic Kingdom® Park in Florida, and a vintage-style Mickey
Mouse minifigure.
Measuring over 8 in. (21 cm) high, 5.5 in. (14 cm) wide and 5.5 in. (13 cm) deep, this LEGO® ǀ Disney
Mini Disney Castle makes a striking display piece standing on a mantelpiece or shelf in your home or
office.
The front of the box shows the Mini Disney Castle on an ombre blue background, which is dark blue at
the top and medium blue at the bottom, reminiscent of the sky at twilight. Pink and blue fireworks shoot
up and explode behind the castle. The outer walls are gray, with cylindrical towers at every corner. The
towers are topped by circular rooms with golden trim and blue and gold conical peaks! A golden
drawbridge extends from the arch shaped main gate, and a gold and blue clock stands over the gate. The
outer castle walls make an octagon around the main castle in the center. The castle towers over the
walls, and has a very tall tower at one end. The castle roof is blue and gold, and there are various smaller
towers with blue and gold conical roofs. The main tower has a conical, golden roof, and a small golden
room hanging off near the top. Mickey Mouse stands next to the castle, wearing a black tuxedo jacket,
and red bow tie and pants.
The top of the box has a life sized image of the clock from the front of the castle. The left and right sides
of the box show smaller versions of the picture on the front.
The back of the box shows a back view of the castle. Some more archways are apparent, and streams of
fairy dust swirl around the tallest tower of the castle. There are three inset images on the back. One
shows the general dimensions of the castle: 14 cm or 5.5 inches wide and 21 cm or 8 inches tall. Another
shows the clock again. The last picture shows the Disney castle in real life, towering over a field of red
and pink flowers.
The build is 567 pieces, and 157 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/40478) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with six large bags labeled, one each labeled 1 and 2, and two each labeled 3 and
4, and an instruction booklet. Sort the pieces into groups as described below. Note that where there are
multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split across two groups to make telling the
difference easier for the builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these
into their own group away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Bag 1 (5 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 1 contains the pieces to build the Mickey Mouse minifigure.
Main Build:
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-10.
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 11-16, as well as a blue 1x1 circular tile, and a blue 1x1 brick with a
vertical handle on one side from steps 17 and 18.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 17-20.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 21-25.
Bag 2 (5 groups of bricks)
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 26-33, as well as the gold 1x1 plates from steps 34, 40, and 47.
Group 6 contains the pieces for steps 34-50.
Group 7 contains the pieces for steps 51-55.
Group 8 contains the pieces for steps 56-60.
Group 9 contains the pieces for steps 61-64.
Bag 3 (9 groups of bricks)
Group 10 contains the pieces for steps 65-69.
Group 11 contains the pieces for steps 70-79.
Group 12 contains the pieces for steps 80-83.
Group 13 contains the pieces for steps 84-89.
Group 14 contains the pieces for steps 90-98.
Group 15 contains the pieces for steps 99-101.
Group 16 contains the pieces for steps 102-105.
Group 17 contains the pieces for steps 106-114.
Group 18 contains the pieces for steps 115-123.
Bag 4 (4 groups of bricks)
Group 19 contains the pieces for steps 124-128.
Group 20 contains the pieces for steps 129-138, as well as transparent blue 3x3 dishes from step 139,
five light gray 2x2 circular plates from step 139 and two from step 150.
Group 21 contains five identical groups for the pieces for steps 139-149.
Group 22 contains the pieces for steps 150-157.
§
Building Instructions:
Open bag 1.
Sub-build 1 - Mickey Mouse Minifigure
Assemble the Mickey Mouse minifigure by placing the head onto the torso and the torso onto the legs.
Main Build - Mini Disney Castle
Open group 1.
1. Place a black 6x6 rounded corner plate in front of you, with the rounded corner in the back right.
2. Find a black 1x4 tile and a black 4x4 rounded corner tile. This tile is cut out so it looks like a macaroni
noodle, I’ll call it a “4x4 macaroni tile” from now on. Place the tile on the back row of the previous piece,
horizontally long, and overhanging to the left by two studs. Place the rounded corner tile to the right of the
previous piece, with the rounded corner in the back right. It should align perfectly with the rounded corner
from the previous step.
3. Place a black 6x6 plate next to the piece from step 1 so that the front and back edges are even. Attach
it using the 1x4 tile from the previous step.
4. Find a black 6x6 rounded corner plate and a black 1x6 tile. Place the rounded corner to the left of the
previous piece, with the corner in the back left. Place the tile horizontally long on the back row,
overlapping the two previous pieces, and directly to the left of the 1x4 tile from step 2. You should be able
to move your finger from the left end of this tile to the bottom end of the macaroni piece from step 2
without finding any studs or having to lift your finger.
5. Find a black 4x4 macaroni tile, two black 1x6 tiles, and two white 2x2 circular plates. Place the
macaroni tile to the left of the previous piece, with the rounded corner in the back left so it aligns perfectly
with the rounded corner from the previous step. Place one tile vertically long to the front of this piece. It
should be even with the left end of the build. Place the other tile symmetrically even with the right end of
the build. Place one circular plate to the left of the previous piece (on the right side), as far forward as you
can put it without any overhang. Place the other circular plate symmetrically on the left side of the build.
There should be 12 unexposed studs between the two circular plates.
6. Find two white 1x2 tiles, two white 2x2 circular plates, two white 2x2 triangle tiles and two white 2x2
tiles with a row of 2 studs. Place the 1x2 tile horizontally long directly to the right of the previous piece,
leaving one row of studs exposed from the front edge of the build. Place a tile with two studs to the right
of this piece with the fronts even, and the row of studs on the right. Place a triangle tile into the corner
made by these two pieces, sloping away to the right. Place a circular plate behind the tile with two studs.
Repeat this symmetrically on the right side of the build. There should be four vertical rows of exposed
studs between these two assemblies.
7. Find a black 2x10 plate and a black 2x8 plate. Place the 2x8 plate horizontally long in front of the black
6x6 plates, even with the left edge of the build. Attach it using the left 1x6 tile from the previous step.
Place the 2x10 plate horizontally long to the right of the previous piece, even with the right edge of the
build. Attach it using the right 1x6 tile from the previous step.
8. Find two black 6x6 rounded corner plates. Place one in front of the previous piece, rounded corner in
the front right. Place the other symmetrically on the left side of the build, with the rounded corner in the
front left.
9. Find two black 4x4 macaroni tiles and two black 1x4 tiles. Place a macaroni tile on the previous piece,
with the corner in the front left. It should align perfectly with the left rounded corner from the previous
step. Place a 1x4 tile to the right of the previous piece, in the front row. It should overhang the rounded
corner plate from the previous step by two studs. Place the other macaroni tile and 1x4 tile symmetrically
on the right side of the build.
10. Place a black 6x6 plate underneath the two 1x4 tiles from the previous step, even with the front edge
of the build. It should fit between all of the already placed black plates perfectly with no gaps. There
should be a gap of two exposed studs at the front of the build. There should be a smooth, unbroken
border of tiles which goes all the way around the build.
Open group 2.
11. Find a black 2x4 plate, a black 2x3 plate, and a gold 1x2 ingot tile. Ingot tiles have no studs, but have
a beveled edge on all four sides and two small, recessed rectangles on top. Place the 2x4 plate vertically
long into the gap between the border of tiles explained in the previous step. Overhang it two studs to the
front. Place the 2x3 plate vertically long underneath this plate. It should under hang by one row of studs
towards the front. Place the ingot tile horizontally long in this under hanging row of studs. This assembly
is the drawbridge!
12. Find two white 1x2 plates and two white 4x4 plates. Place a 1x2 plate vertically long directly in front of
the right column of the farthest left white 2x2 circular plate (from step 5). Place a 4x4 plate directly to the
right of the previous piece, shifted to the back by one stud so that it’s directly against the white pieces
from step 6. Place the other 1x2 plate and 4x4 plate symmetrically on the right side of the build. There
should be four exposed studs between the 4x4 plates and the tile border at the front of the build.
13. Find two white 1x2 tiles, two white 2x2 triangle tiles and two white 2x2 tiles with a row of 2 studs.
Place a 1x2 tile horizontally long in front of the left two studs of the left 4x4 plate from the previous step.
Place a tile with two studs to the right of this piece, with the row of studs on the right, directly in front of
the 4x4 plate from the previous step. Place a white triangle tile to the left of the previous piece, directly in
front of the 1x2 tile, sloping towards the front to the right. It should extend to past the front of the tile with
two studs by one stud. Place the other three pieces symmetrically on the right side of the build. There
should be four vertical rows of exposed studs between these two groups, and there should be a single
stud between the points of the triangle and the tile border at the front of the build.
14. Find three white 2x2 circular plates, a white 2x2 circular tile, and a white 4x10 plate. Place a circular
plate in front of the two white 2x2 tiles with a row of 2 studs from the previous step. Place one more
circular plate to the left of the left white 1x2 tile from the previous step, extending one stud past it. The top
right stud of this plate should be up against a vertically long 1x2 plate. Place the circular tile symmetrically
to the previous piece on the right side of the build. Place the 4x10 plate vertically long, centered
horizontally, directly behind the 2x4 plate which is part of the drawbridge. There should be one horizontal
row of exposed studs between the 4x10 plate and the back tile border.
You will now have a 14x18 rectangle with rounded corners. This is the base of the build. The drawbridge
extends three studs towards the front. There is a raised tile border all around the base, only broken by the
drawbridge. Inside the border is an eight sided white polygon, with a round plate or tile in every corner.
This is the outline of the castle walls. A tower will stand on every round plate.
Now we’ll start building the castle itself!
15. Find a light gray 1x2 and two light gray 2x2 circular bricks. Place the 1x2 brick horizontally long on top
of the back row of the last piece, centered horizontally. Place the two two circular bricks on the farthest
back white 2x2 plates (from step 6). These form the bases of towers! We’ll make six more towers as we
go using half circular bricks, quarter tiles, and circular bricks!
16. Find two black 1x1 bricks, two light gray 1x1 quarter circle tiles and two light gray 1x2 half circular
bricks. Place the half circular bricks on the previous pieces, with the curved portion even with the back.
Place a quarter circle tile in front of the left hand half circular brick. Place it on the left stud of the circular
brick below it, with the sharp corner at the back right. Place one of the 1x1 bricks in front of the right stud
of this same circular brick. Place the other quarter tile and 1x1 brick symmetrically on the right side of the
build. You should have a blue 1x1 circular tile, and a blue 1x1 brick with a vertical handle on one side.
Open group 3.
17. Find two yellow 1x4 plates, three red 1x1 circular tiles, and one blue 1x1 circular tile (contained in the
previous group). Place a red circular tile in front of each of the 1x1 bricks from the previous step. Place a
1x4 plate vertically long in front of the previous pieces. Place a red circular tile in front of the left 1x4 plate.
Place a blue circular tile to the right of the front stud of the right 1x4 plate.
18. Find two red 1x2 bricks with a row of 2 studs on one side, three red 1x1 bricks with a vertical handle,
one blue 1x1 brick with a vertical handle (contained in the previous group), and one clear 1x2 tile with a
Cinderella slipper pattern. Place the bricks with handles on top of the 1x4 plates from the previous step,
so that the vertical handle is positioned directly above the same color circular tile. So there is a red brick
with handle on the back stud of each 1x4 plate with the handles in back, a red brick with handle on the
front of the left 1x4 plate with the handle in front, and a blue brick with handle on the front of the right 1x4
plate with the handle on the right. Place the red bricks with studs on one side vertically long on top of the
1x4 plates, between the bricks with handles, with the side studs towards the center of the build. Place the
1x2 tile with slipper pattern on the side studs of the left brick with side studs. The area between these two
bricks with studs on their sides represents the corridor that runs through the middle of the Disney castle
where guests can walk!
19. Find two black micro-figures and six white skeleton arms with a clip on each end. Place one microfigure in front of the left stud of the 1x2 brick from step 15, skipping one stud. Place the other micro-figure
in front of the right stud of the same 1x2 brick, skipping four studs. The micro-figures represent people
walking through the corridor in the castle!
Now, clip two skeleton arms onto each of the vertical handles on the red bricks with handles from the
previous step. For each arm, the clip that is not attached should extend towards the nearest left or right
edge of the build. The elbows should all point in towards the horizontal centerline of the build. One clip
should be pushed all the way down to the circular tile, and one should be even with the top of the bricks
for each set of two arms. There should be a set of arms on the back left, back right, and front left bricks
with vertical handles.
20. Find one yellow 2x2 corner plate, one yellow 1x2 plate, one yellow 1x4 plate, two light gray 1x3 arch
bricks, and two white 1x1 scroll bricks. Scroll bricks are a 1x1 brick with a bar sticking out even with the
top on one side, which has a stud on top and a circular decoration on the sides. Place a 1x4 plate
vertically long on top of the left hand set of bricks containing 1x1 bricks with vertical handles. Place a
scroll brick behind this piece on top of the 1x1 brick from step 16, with the scroll at the front. Place an
arch brick horizontally long behind the previous piece, extending to the right. It should bridge over to the
left stud of the 1x2 brick from step 15, creating an arch two bricks tall. Place the other arch piece
horizontally long to the right of the first arch. This should bridge over to the right hand 2x2 circular brick
from step 15, and should also create a neat arch. Place a scroll brick in front of the right stud of the
second arch, with the scroll at the front. Place a 1x2 plate vertically long in front of this scroll piece, with
its back stud on top of the brick with vertical handles. Place a 2x2 corner plate in front of the previous
plate so its studs form the shape of a Braille letter h. It should extend over the handle of the blue brick
with a vertical handle from step 18.
Open group 4.
21. Find a black 2x2 brick, a black 1x1 brick, and two black 1x4 plates. Place a 1x4 plate vertically long
on top of the left yellow 1x4 from the previous step. Place the other 1x4 plate symmetrically onto the 1x2
and 2x2 corner plate from the previous step. One stud of the yellow 2x2 corner plate should extend to the
right past the front stud of this piece. Place a 1x1 brick in front of the front left 1x1 brick with a vertical
handle from step 18. Place a 2x2 brick in front of the blue 1x1 brick with a vertical handle from step 18,
extending one stud to the left. Place it so there are three exposed studs between this piece and the
previous piece.
22. Find a black 2x2 brick, a black 1x2 brick that is two bricks tall, a white 1x1 scroll brick, and a blue 2x3
tile with castle print. Place a 2x2 brick on top of the previous piece. Place the scroll brick on top of the 1x1
brick from the previous step with the scroll at the back. Place the tall 1x2 brick vertically tall to the right of
the scroll piece, with the front edges even. Place the 2x3 tile with a mural horizontally long in front of you.
Rotate it 90 degrees counterclockwise about its short axis so that the mural side is at the right. In this
orientation, attach the bottom studs to the side studs of the brick with side studs from step 18 which is
opposite the corridor from Cinderella’s slippers.
23. Find a white 1x2 window with a rounded top and two gold 1x1 round plates with a handle. Place the
window piece horizontally long in front of the bricks from the previous step, centered horizontally. There
should be four horizontal rows of exposed studs between the window and the ingot tile at the end of the
drawbridge. Place a round plate with a handle next to the window piece, one on the left and one on the
right, with the bars at the front.
24. Find four light gray 1x1 plates and two light gray 2x2 circular bricks. Make two stacks of 1x1 plates
and place one on each of the two previous pieces. We’re going to start two towers at the front of the
castle! Place the circular bricks on the two farthest forward circular white plates from step 14. These
should be directly to the left and right of the previous pieces.
25. Find two light gray 2x2 circular bricks, two gold 1x4 tiles with a low lattice fence on one side, and one
1x4 tall arch brick. Make the front towers taller by placing the two circular bricks on top of the previous
pieces. Place the arch horizontally long on top of the 1x1 plates from the previous step. It should fit
perfectly over top of the window from step 23. Place the lattice tiles vertically long next to each other in
front of the window piece from step 23, with the lattice portion on the outside so that there is a clear path
leading through the arch.
Open Bag 2
Open group 5.
We’re continuing to build up the outer walls!
26. Find two light gray 2x2 bricks and three light gray 2x2 circular bricks. You guessed it! More towers!
These will be the last ones we start, after this they’ll only get taller. Place two of the circular bricks on the
two farthest left circular plates from step 14. Place a 2x2 brick between the two previous pieces,
extending one stud past them to the right. Place the other 2x2 brick symmetrically on the right side of the
build. Place the other 2x2 circular brick on the farthest right circular plate from step 14.
27. Find one light gray 2x2 brick, four light gray 2x2 circular bricks, one light gray 1x1 quarter circle tile,
and one light gray 1x2 half circular brick. Place the half circular brick vertically long on the previous
piece, on the right vertical row of studs with the curve on the right. Place the quarter circle tile to the left of
this piece in the back, with the sharp corner at the front right of the piece. Stack a 2x2 brick and two
circular bricks on top of the three leftmost pieces from the previous step. Place a circular brick on each of
the half circular bricks on the back wall from step 16.
28. Find a light gray 1x2 brick and a light gray 2x2 corner brick. Place the 1x2 brick horizontally long on
the front row of the far right 2x2 brick, even with the edges. Place the corner brick directly behind it with
the studs forming a Braille letter j.
29. Find two light gray 1x1 round bricks, one light gray 2x2 circular brick, and one light gray 1x2 half
circular brick. Place the 2x2 circular brick with its front left stud on the back stud of the previous piece. It
should be aligned with the half circular brick from step 27. Place a half circular brick on the back row of
studs of the back tower on the left side of the build, with the flat side at the front. Place a 1x1 round brick
on the front left stud of this tower. Repeat the half circular brick and 1x1 round brick symmetrically on the
front tower on the left side.
30. Find five light gray 1x2 hinge bases and five white 1x2 hinge plates. Connect the bases to the plates
by holding the bases in your hand with the bottom (where you would connect studs) down. Press a plate
with the studs upwards firmly down over the hinge until it clicks into place. Practice hinging the plate in
the base, noticing that it will only hinge in one direction, which is away from the long, flat side of the base.
Place two hinge assemblies between the two half circular bricks from the previous step in a vertical row
and so that they are free to hinge down and to the right. They should be on the wall between the two left
towers. Place two more in a horizontal row on the wall between the two back towers, so they are free to
hinge down and in towards the front. Place the last one vertically long on the right row of the 2x2 square
of studs in front of the far right tower, so that it can hinge down and to the left. The tower should extend
past this hinge by one row of studs. Now hinge all of the plates up so their studs face up.
31. Find two light gray 2x2 corner pieces, two light gray 2x3 bricks and two light gray 1x1 quarter circle
tiles. Place a 2x3 brick vertically long, on the wall in front of the left tower at the back of the corridor,
extending to the right one stud over the corridor. Place a quarter circle tile on the back left stud of the left
tower at the front of the build, with the sharp corner in the front right. Place a corner brick to the right of
the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter f. The back right stud of the corner piece should wrap
around behind the 1x4 arch piece. Place the other three pieces symmetrically on the right side of the
build. There should be a two stud gap between both 2x3 bricks, and the rightmost stud of the corner
bricks when you are done!
32. Find two light gray 2x2 corner pieces, two light gray 2x4 bricks, and two light gray 1x2 half circle
bricks.
Place a 2x4 brick horizontally long in front of the left 2x3 brick from the previous step, extending past the
2x3 by three studs so that it touches the hinge assemblies on the left wall. Place a 2x2 corner piece in
front of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter h, with the left stud in line with the right stud of the
previous piece. Place the half circle brick on top of the left of the two towers on either side of the
drawbridge. Place it so the curved portion is in front, in line with the bottom of the tower. Place the other
three bricks symmetrically on the right side of the castle.
33. Find two white skeleton arms with a clip on each end. 
Clip these into the blue 1x1 brick with a vertical bar from step 18. The elbows should point in towards the
horizontal centerline of the build. One clip should be pushed all the way down to the circular tile, and one
should be even with the top of the brick, just like we did for the red bricks in step 19.
When you are done with this group, you should have ten gold 1x1 plates left over! Don’t worry! These are
for steps 34, 40, and 47.
Open group 6.
Now we will start putting the roof on the outer castle!
34. Find four white 1x1 plates, four gold 1x1 plates, four dark gray 4x4 45 degree wedge plates and one
dark gray 1x4 plate. Find the horizontal 1x4 row of studs between the two back towers. Place four 1x1x
on this row, starting with a white one and alternating white and gold. Place a 1x4 plate horizontally long in
front of the previous pieces. It should bridge the corridor on the inside back studs of the 2x3 bricks from
step 31. Place a 4x4 wedge plate to the left of the previous piece, so that the corner is at the front right of
the piece, with its back stud next to but not on the left tower in the back row. It should slope back to the
right. Place a gold 1x1 plate to the left of the front row of the previous piece. This should be even with the
left wall. Place a white 1x1 plate in front of the previous piece. Place a dark gray 4x4 wedge plate
symmetrically in front of the first wedge plate so that the corners touch. It should slope back to the left.
Place the other 1x1 plates and 4x4 wedges symmetrically on the right side of the castle.
35. Find a light gray 2x2 tile, a blue 1x2 slope tile, and a light gray 1x2 plate with a single stud on top.
From now on, I will call this last piece a 1x2 jumper plate. Place a 1x2 jumper plate vertically long onto the
right set of two 1x1 plates from the previous step. Place two more 1x2 jumper plates in a horizontal row
onto the row of four 1x1 plates between the back two towers. Place the blue slope tile onto the left set of
two 1x1 plates from the previous step, sloping up to the right. Place the 2x2 tile to the right of the previous
piece, skipping two studs so it is aligned with the hole over the corridor.
36. Place a dark gray 4x6 plate vertically long directly in front of the 1x4 plate from step 34. This should
cover most of the corridor in the middle of the castle! There should only be two horizontal rows of
exposed studs. Set the main castle aside for now. We’re going to start building walls!
37. Place a light gray 2x3 plate horizontally long in front of you.
38. Find a light gray 1x3 tile and a light gray 2x3 tile. Place the 1x3 tile vertically long on the previous
piece, even with the left and back edges and overhanging the front by one stud. Place the 2x3 tile
vertically long directly to the right of the previous piece.
39. Find a white 1x2 plate with a row of 2 horizontal studs extending up from the side, and a white 1x1
plate with a single horizontal stud extending up from the side. Connect the 1x2 horizontally long to the
bottom of the two previous pieces, so that its side studs face the front. Place the 1x1 to the right of the
previous piece, with its side stud facing forward.
40. Find two gold 1x1 plates and one white 1x1 plate. Place these on their sides onto the three side
studs, alternating gold, white, gold.
41. Find a blue 1x1 slope tile and a blue 1x2 slope tile. Place the 1x1 slope on its side on the far left 1x1
plate, sloping down towards the front. Place the 1x2 slope to the right of the previous piece in the same
orientation.
42. Rotate the build 90 degrees so the slopes are on top and the tiles are at the back. Find a white 2x3
plate with a handlebar on the bottom. Place this horizontally long, with its studs facing the back, onto the
bottom two rows of studs. The handlebar should be up and down. Now, put the castle in front of you, with
the drawbridge running vertically at the front. Find the front left set of skeleton arms.
43. Take the assembly you just created and rotate it so that the slopes are on top, and the tiles are at
front. Rotate it so that it is roughly even with the 4x4 wedge plate on top of the front left of the model. Clip
the handlebar into the two skeleton arms to attach the wall to the castle!
Now we’ll build another wall!
44-47. Repeat steps 37-40.
48. Find a light gray 1x3 plate with two studs on top. Place it on its side on top of the three 1x1 plates so
its studs face forward.
49. Rotate the build 90 degrees so the previous piece is on top and the tiles are at the back. Find a white
2x3 plate with a handlebar on the bottom. Place this horizontally long, with its studs facing the back, onto
the bottom two rows of studs. The handlebar should be up and down. Repeat steps 44-49 another time,
so you have two wall assemblies
50. Rotate the castle so that the drawbridge is on the back. Attach the walls you just created like you did
in step 43. Place one wall in the front left and one in the front right set of skeleton arms.
Open group 7.
51. Rotate the castle 180 degrees back to its original orientation. Find five light gray 1x1 round tiles with
an upwards bar on top. These will be placed upside down, using the bar to attach inside the hollow stud
on some types of plates.
Moving along the back wall from left to right, find an angled 1x3 plate with two studs on top. Place one
round tile upside down putting the bar into the right stud. Move to the right until you find a row of two 1x2
jumper plates. Place another round tile upside down in each of these studs. Move to the right until you
find another angled 1x3 plate with two studs on top. Place a round tile upside down in the left stud. Move
all the way to the right until you find a vertically long 1x2 jumper plate. Place the last round tile upside
down in this stud.
Now we’re going to build another wall! Set the castle aside for right now.
52. Find a light gray 1x3 tile and a white 1x1 plate with a stud sticking up on one side. Place the plate with
a side stud in front of you with the side stud at the front. Place the tile vertically long on the upright stud,
extending to the back.
53. Place a light gray 2x4 plate horizontally long under the previous piece, so there are three columns of
studs to the left of the tile.
54. Find a light gray 1x3 tile, a gold 1x1 plate, and a 1x2 plate with two studs sticking up on one side.
Place the 1x3 tile vertically long on the second column from the left, aligned with the back. Place the 1x2
plate with side studs horizontally long, under the previous piece, with the side studs at the front, and
extending to the right so that it touches the 1x1 plate with a side stud from step 52. Place the 1x1 plate on
the right upward stud of the previous piece.
55. Find a light gray 1x3 concave curved slope and a light gray 1x1 plate with a stud hanging down on
one side. Place the curved slope vertically long between the two tiles on the 2x4 plate, sloping up towards
the front. Place the plate with a side stud on top of the previous piece, with the side stud at the front. The
side studs should form an inverted tee shape.
Open group 8.
56. Find a light gray 1x2 plate, a light gray 1x1 plate, and a light gray 2x2 plate with two studs on one
side.
56.1. Place the 2x2 plate with side studs in front of you, with the side studs at the front. Place the 1x2
plate horizontally long on the back row of the previous piece.
56.2. Place the 1x1 plate on the back left stud of the previous piece. Keeping this orientation, place this
assembly under the left column of the 2x4 plate from step 53. There should be three studs to the left of
the tiles in the shape of a Braille letter d.
57. Find a light gray 2x2 corner plate and a light gray 2x2 corner tile. Place the plate on top of the three
studs shaped like a Braille letter D, then place the tile on top of the plate. Both should be oriented like a
Braille letter D. The front left stud of the assembly should be exposed and a brick height lower than
everything else.
58. Place a light gray 1x1 brick with a side stud on the front left stud, with the side stud at the front.
59. Rotate the entire assembly so that it is horizontally long, all the tiles are at the front, and the side
studs on the previous piece are now upwards. The 1x1 brick from the previous step should be at the far
right now.
Find a light gray 2x2 plate. Place it with the studs upright, on the three studs at the far right of the
assembly, even with the front and right edges.
60. Find a light gray 2x2 brick, a light gray 1x3 plate with two studs on top, and a light gray 1x2 plate with
rounded ends. Place the brick on the previous piece. Place the 1x3 plate with two studs to the left of the
previous piece, on the row of 3 upright studs. Place the plate with rounded ends in front of the previous
piece, horizontally long, with its studs in a vertical line with the studs of the previous piece.
Open group 9.
61. Find a gold 2x2 plate and a gold 2x2 circular plate. Place the circular plate on the four studs from the
previous two pieces. Place the plate on top of the 2x2 brick from the previous step.
62. Find a light gray 2x2 box base. Place this on top of the previous piece. This is the top of a tower! The
top of the box is not perfectly smooth, and looks like the battlements of a medieval castle!
63. Keeping the bottom of the wall down, rotate it 180 degrees so the tower is now at the front left. Find a
white 2x3 plate with a handlebar on the bottom. Place this horizontally long, with its studs facing the back,
onto the bottom two rows of studs to the right of the tower. The handlebar should be up and down.
Place the castle in front of you, with the drawbridge pointing left. Rotate the wall 180 degrees to its
previous orientation.
64. Rotate it so that it is roughly even with the 4x4 wedge plate on top of the front left of the model. Clip
the handlebar into the two skeleton arms to attach the wall to the castle!
Rotate the castle so the drawbridge is at the front.
Open Bag 3
Open group 10.
Now we’re going to start building the base of the main keep! This white building towers above the gray,
outer walls! The top of the castle inside of the walls should be a wide octagon of exposed studs, with only
one 2x2 tile already placed.
65. Find a light gray 1x2 tile, two light gray 1x2 jumper plates, and two light gray 2x2 circular tiles with a
single stud on top. Place a circular tile directly behind the 2x2 tile already on top of the castle, extending
one stud past it to the right. Place the 1x2 tile horizontally long, directly to the right of the front row of the
previous piece. Place another circular tile directly to the right of the previous piece, symmetrical to the
first. Place a 1x2 jumper plate vertically long behind the left stud of the 1x2 tile. Place another 1x2 jumper
plate to the right of the previous piece. The last two pieces should touch the back outer wall of the castle.
66. Find a light gray 2x3 plate, a light gray 2x2 plate, a light gray 2x2 tile, and two light gray 1x2 tiles.
Place the 2x2 plate directly to the right of the 2x2 tile which was already on the castle roof. Place the 2x3
plate horizontally long to the right of the previous piece. Place a 1x2 tile horizontally long directly in front
of the two right studs of the previous piece. Place a 2x2 tile directly to the right of the 2x3 plate. Place a
1x2 tile vertically long, directly to the right of the previous piece. The last piece should touch the right
outer wall of the castle.
67. Find a white 1x2x2 tall brick with four studs on one side. Place this vertically long, on the right column
of studs on the 2x3 from the previous step, with the side studs at the right.
68. Find a white 1x1 brick, two white 1x2 plates, and a light gray 1x1 brick with a side stud. Place a 1x2
plate vertically long to the left of the previous piece. Place another on top of the first. Place a 1x1 brick on
top of the back stud of the previous piece. Place the 1x1 brick with a side stud in front of the previous
piece, with the side stud at the front.
69. Find two white 2x2 bricks, and a white 2x2 plate with two studs on one side. Place the plate with side
studs on top of the previous piece, with the side studs at the right, aligned with the pieces from the last
two steps. Place a 2x2 brick directly to the left of the pieces from the previous step. Place the other 2x2
brick on the first.
Open group 11.
70. Find a white 1x2x2 tall brick with four studs on one side and a white 1x2 plate. Place the tall brick
vertically long, directly to the left of the previous pieces, with the studs at the left. Place the plate vertically
long on the previous piece. The top of the castle should now be a horizontally long, 2x5 rectangle of
studs, with the far right studs one plate higher than the rest.
71. Find a white 1x2 plate, a white 1x1 plate, and two light gray 2x2 angled corner plates. Place the 1x1
plate on the front stud of the previous piece. Place a corner plate directly behind it, even with the left
edge, sloping back to the right, so the studs make the shape of a Braille letter J. Place the other corner
plate to the right of the previous piece, sloping back to the left, so the studs make the shape of a Braille
letter H. These two pieces should look like a triangle with the corners cut off. Place a 1x2 plate
horizontally long in front of the previous piece. There should be a gap of one stud between the 1x1 and
1x2 plates from this step.
72. Find two clear 1x1 tiles and a white 1x1 plate with a row of two studs sticking up on one side. Place
the tiles onto this row of side studs. Place this piece into the gap mentioned at the end of the previous
step, with the tiles at the front.
73. Find a white 1x1 brick, a white 1x2 brick, a white 2x2 cylinder brick with holes on two opposite sides,
a white 1x3 brick, and a light gray 1x2 brick with two studs on one side. Place the 1x3 brick horizontally
long, on the previous piece, extending past the previous piece by one stud on the left and right. Place the
1x2 brick with side studs to the right of the previous piece, with the side studs at the front. Place the 1x2
brick horizontally long, behind the previous piece. Place the cylinder to the left of the previous piece, with
a hole at the back. The cylinder should extend out onto the angle corner pieces from the previous step.
Place the 1x1 brick to the left of the previous piece.
We’re going to build the second level of the keep, so set the castle aside for now.
74. Find a white 2x3 plate and place it horizontally long in front of you.
75. Find two white 2x2 tiles with two studs on top. Place one tile on the right two columns of the previous
piece, with the studs in a horizontal row at the back. Place the other tile to the left of the previous piece in
the same orientation so the studs form a 1x4 row at the back. The left 2x2 tile should overhang the 2x3 by
one stud to the left.
76. Find a white 2x2 plate with two studs on one side. With the side studs on the left, place the right
column under the left column of the previous piece. There should now be a single column with two studs
on the far left, and the other four columns should have a stud at the back and a tile at the front.
77. Find a white 1x2 plate, a white 1x3 plate, and a white 1x1 plate with a stud sticking up on one side.
Place the 1x2 vertically long on the upwards studs of the left piece. Place the 1x1 with a side stud to the
right of the previous piece in the back row with the side stud facing forward. Place the 1x3 horizontally
long on the three studs to the right of the previous piece.
78. Find a white 2x2 corner brick and three white 1x1 bricks with a half arch on either side. The last bricks
look kind of like a capital T two studs wide, but with only one stud on the top. Place a 1x1 brick with a half
arch on either side, vertically long, on the far right stud. Place two more, vertically long, to the left of the
previous piece. Place a corner brick to the left of the previous two pieces, oriented like a Braille letter F.
79. Find a white 1x2 plate, three gold 1x2 jumper plates, and a light gray 1x1 plate with a stud hanging
down on one side. Place the 1x2 plate vertically long on the left column of studs of the previous piece.
Place the 1x1 with a side stud to the right of the previous piece, with the stud at the front. Place a 1x2
plate with a single stud to the right of the previous piece, vertically long, with the stud aligned with the
stud from the previous piece. Place two more, vertically long, to the right of the previous piece.
Open group 12.
80. Find a red 1x2 plate. Place it onto the two side studs one stud from the left end.
81. Find a white 2x4 tile, and a blue 1x2 triple slope. The last piece looks like half of a pyramid. Place the
2x4 tile sideways, horizontally long, on the front stud of the previous piece, extending to the right. Place
the slope on the vertical 1x2 plate at the far left of the build, horizontally long, overhanging one stud to the
right, with the point at the back.
82. Keeping the bottom down, rotate the assembly 180 degrees so the previous piece is now at the back
right. Find two white 1x1 bricks with a side stud. Place these next to each other, with the studs at the
front, in front of the previous piece.
83. Place the castle back in front of you with the drawbridge at the front. With the slope at the back right,
place the second level of the keep onto the base of the keep, horizontally long.
Open group 13.
We’ll keep extending the keep upwards! Set the castle aside again.
84. Find a white 2x2 corner plate, and a white 1x2 plate. Place the 1x2 plate vertically long in front of you.
Orient the corner plate like a Braille letter D and place the right column on the 1x2 plate.
85. Find a white 1x1 plate and a white 2x2 plate with two studs on one side. Turn the 2x2 plate with side
studs so the side studs are at the front. Connect the back right stud under the left stud of the corner plate
from the previous set. Place the 1x1 plate in the back left corner of the 2x2 plate with side studs. The
entire assembly should look like two 2x3 plates stacked on each other, with a row of two side studs on the
front left.
86. Place a white 2x3 plate over top of the assembly.
87. Find a white 2x2 corner plate, and a 2x2 plate with two studs on one side. Place the 2x2 plate with
side studs on the previous piece, with the side studs at the left and aligned with the left end of the
previous piece. Place the corner plate to the right of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter H,
with the far right stud overhanging the 2x3 plate from the previous step.
88. Place the castle back in front of you with the drawbridge at the front! With the side studs at the left,
place the assembly you just made on top of the keep, aligned with the left edge. The corner piece from
the last step should be on top of a brick with a side stud.
89. Find a blue 1x1 slope tile and a blue 1x2 wide slope tile. Find the two side studs on the front of the
keep which are directly over a row of gold tiles protruding half a stud to the front. Place the 1x1 slope tile
on the left side stud, with the wide edge at the bottom. Place the 1x2 slope tile to the right of the previous
piece, with the wide edge at the bottom.
Open group 14.
Now we’re going to build the wall of the keep! This will close off a lot of the exposed studs and internal
structure on the left side of the keep. So, set the castle aside again!
90. Find a white 2x2 plate with two studs on one side. Place it in front of you with the side studs at the
front.
91. Find a white 2x2 corner tile, and a white 1x1 tile. Place the 1x1 tile on the back right stud of the
previous piece. Place the corner tile to the left of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter F,
overhanging to the left.
92. Find a white 1x6 plate and a white 1x1 plate. Place the 1x1 plate under the front left stud of the
previous piece. Place the 1x6 plate behind the previous piece, horizontally long, overhanging to the left so
that five studs are exposed.
93. Find a white 2x4 tile. Place it horizontally long, on the previous piece, with the right aligned with the
corner tile from step 91. There should be one stud from the 1x6 from the previous step extending left past
the 2x4 tile.
94. Find two white 1x2 plates with a rail on the long side. Place these horizontally long, in a horizontal row
under the previous piece, with the rail at the front.
95. Set the wall assembly to the side. Find two white 1x2 plates, one white 1x2 plate with a rail, two 1x1
plates, a blue 1x2 triple slope, a gold 1x2 jumper plate, two white 1x1 plates with a stud sticking up on
one side, and a white 1x2 plate with a 2x2 of anti-stud on the side. “Anti-stud” is a term for the portion of a
LEGO piece which accepts studs, like the bottom of a plate. This piece is shaped like a capital T when
viewed from the side.
95.1. Place a 1x2 plate in front of you, horizontally long. Place another directly on top of the previous
piece.
95.2. Place the 1x2 plate with anti-stud on the previous piece, with the anti-stud at the back.
95.3. Place a 1x1 plate with a side stud on the right stud of the previous piece, with the side stud at the
right. Place another to the left of the previous piece, with the side stud at the left.
95.4. Place the gold 1x2 jumper plate, horizontally long, on the previous two pieces. Place the 1x2 slope
on the previous piece, horizontally long, with the top point at the back.
95.5. Keeping the bottom down, rotate the assembly 180 degrees so the side anti-stud from step 95.2 is
at the front. Place a 1x2 rail plate, with the rail up and down, and the studs at the back, on the left up and
down column of anti-stud, so the rail overhangs to the left.
95.6. Place a 1x1 plate to the right of the previous piece, in the bottom right anti-stud. The top right antistud should be recessed by one plate.
Place the tall wall assembly back in front of you, horizontally long, with the tiles upwards and the rails at
the front left.
95.7. Rotate the small assembly we just made so the anti-stud is down, the rail is at the front, and the
slope is at the right. Attach it to the tall wall, placing the anti-stud on the back right of the small assembly
onto the far left stud of the tall wall. The entire wall should be nine studs long, and the three rails at the
front should be in a row at the left.
96. Place the castle back in front of you, with the drawbridge at the front. Keeping the rail at the front,
rotate the wall we just created 90 degrees to the left, so it is tall upwards. Attach the wall to the side studs
at the left of the keep. There should be a small room with a pointed roof at the lower left of the keep wall.
97. Find a white 1x1 plate with a stud sticking up on one side, a white 1x1 half-cylinder tile, and a white
1x1 pyramid tile.
97.1. Place the plate with a side stud in front of you with the side stud at the front. Place the half-cylinder
tile on the upright stud, with the flat sides at the front and back.
97.2. Place the pyramid tile on the side stud. Rotate the assembly 90 degrees, so the pyramid tile is at
the bottom and the half-cylinder tile is at the front. Find the upwards row of two side studs at the front of
the top left corner of the keep. Place the assembly onto the lower of these two side studs, with the
pyramid pointing down. It should be directly next to a 1x3 row of sideways slopes.
98. Find a white 1x1 plate with a stud sticking up on one side and a white 1x1 half-cylinder tile. Place the
plate with a side stud in front of you with the side stud at the back. Place the half-cylinder tile on the
upright stud, with the flat sides at the front and back. Rotate it 90 degrees so the side stud is on top and
the half-cylinder tile is at the front. Place this on the side stud on the keep, directly above the one used in
the previous step. The two half cylinder tiles should be aligned.
Open group 15.
We’re going to build the tall, curved wall which goes under the keep’s tallest tower!
99. Find eight white 1x2 wide slope tiles, a white 2x2 plate with two studs on one side, two 2x6 plates,
and one 1x2 plate.
99.1. Place a 2x6 plate horizontally long in front of you. Place a 1x2 plate vertically long on the rightmost
column of the previous piece.
99.2. Place a 2x6 plate horizontally long directly to the left of the previous piece.
99.3. Place a 2x2 plate with side studs in front of you, with the side studs at the left. Attach the right
column of this piece to the bottom of the previous piece. It should extend one column of studs to the left.
99.4. Place a 1x2 wide slope tile, horizontally long, on the back stud of the previous piece, aligned with
the left edge, and sloping up towards the front. Place three more slope tiles to the right of the previous
piece in a horizontal row. 
99.5. Place another row of four 1x2 wide slope tiles in the front row, symmetrically to the previous step.
These two steps should form a long peak in the middle of the assembly, running left to right. Rotate the
assembly so the side studs at the left are now upwards at the top, and the eight slopes are at the front.
Place this on the side studs on the front of the keep, aligned with the right edge.
100. Find a white 1x1 plate with a stud sticking up on one side, and a white 1x2 plate with two studs
sticking up on one long side. Place the 1x2 on the previous piece, vertically long, with the side stud at the
right, and extending one stud behind the previous piece so it attaches to the rest of the keep. Place the
1x1 to the left of the previous piece, in the front row, with the side stud on the left.
101. Find a white 2x2 cylinder brick with two holes on opposite sides. Place this on the previous two
pieces, with the holes at the front and back. This will form the base for the tallest tower in the castle!
Open group 16.
102. Now we’re going to build the railing which goes around the base of the tallest tower! Find a gold 1x2
ingot tile, two gold 1x1 round plates with a bar on one side, two gold 1x1 plates with a vertical clip.
102.1. Place a 1x1 round plate with a bar in front of you with the bar at the left. Clip a 1x1 clip plate onto
the bar so the plate extends to the left.
102.2. Place a 1x2 ingot tile horizontally long on the previous piece, extending to the left. Place another
1x1 clip plate under the left anti-stud of the previous piece, with the clip on the left.
102.3. Clip a 1x1 round plate with a bar into the previous piece, attaching the bar to the clip. Rotate the
assembly so it is vertically long, with the studs on the side and pointing to the right. Attach the back 1x1
round plate with a bar to the front side stud at the right of the tall tower base. The rest of the rail should
point straight out towards you.
103. Hinge the railing from the front to the left until you can clip the other 1x1 round plate with a bar to the
left side stud on the tower base. This should form a square railing, with the ingot at the front. Keeping the
base down, rotate the castle 180 degrees so the drawbridge is now at the back.
104. Now we’ll build the railing for the back side of the tower base! Find a gold 1x1 plate, two 1x2 ingot
tiles, a gold 1x1 round plate with a bar on one side, and a gold 1x1 plate with a vertical clip on one side.
104.1. Place a 1x1 clip plate in front of you with the clip at the left.
104.2. Place an ingot tile on the previous piece, horizontally long and extending to the right. Place the 1x1
tile under the right end of the previous piece.
104.3. Attach a 1x1 round plate with a bar onto the clip at the left of the assembly.
104.4. Place an ingot tile on the previous piece, horizontally long and overhanging one stud to the left.
Rotate the assembly so the previous piece is at the back, and the ingots are sideways on the left. Attach
this to the railing at the left of the tower base. The ingot should cover the exposed sideways stud on the
previously placed railing, and the new railing should point straight out towards you.
105. Rotate the railing extending towards you 90 degrees counterclockwise until it touches the cylindrical
part of the tower base.
Open group 17.
106. Find a white 2x2 corner plate, two clear 1x1 tiles, and a white 1x1 plate with a row of two studs
sticking up on one side. Place the corner plate, oriented like a Braille letter H, to the right of the cylindrical
tower base, offset one stud to the front. This should create one recessed stud on the top of the keep in
the middle of the back row. Place the tiles onto the row of side studs on the plate with side studs. With the
tiles at the back, place this into the one recessed stud on top of the keep. The top of the keep should now
have the cylindrical tower base at the back left, with a 2x3 horizontally long rectangle of studs to the right
and offset to the front.
107. Find two dark blue 1x3 plates with two studs on top. Place these horizontally long, in a vertical row,
on the 2x3 rectangle of studs at the top of the keep.
108. Now we’ll make a little balcony! Find two gold 1x1 plates, and a white 1x2 three sided wall panel.
Find the half cylinder extending from the front of the keep, about midway down. It should have two
exposed studs on top. Place a 1x1 plate on each stud. Place the panel on top of the studs, horizontally
long, with the open side at the back, against the wall of the keep.
Now we’ll work on detailing the base of the keep! In this portion, there are rooms with high arching
windows, small towers with golden spires, and sloping blue roofs!
109. Find a 1x2x2 arched window panel and a transparent gray window glass. Place the window frame in
front of you, horizontally long, with the flat part at the front. Place the window glass into the window frame
by pushing it in from the back.
110. Find a white 1x2 plate with offset studs at the long ends. Place this under the previous piece,
horizontally long, with the offset studs at the front.
111. Find a blue 1x2 triple slope. Place this horizontally long, on top of the window arch, with the point at
the back.
112. We’ll build the gold towers with spires now! Find two white 1x1 circular plates, two gold 1x1 circular
tiles with an upright bar on the top, two gold unicorn horns, and two gold candles. A candle is a 2L
cylinder with a short bar sticking out on one end, and a hole for a bar on the other end.
112.1. Hold a candle upright, with the hole on the top. Place the bar of a 1x1 circular tile with a bar into
the hole.
112.2. Place a 1x1 circular plate upside down into the previous piece.
112.3. Place a unicorn horn, point up, into the previous piece. Place this assembly into one of the studs
extending from the base of the arched window. Repeat step 112 to make another tower and put it into the
other stud at the base of the arched window.
113. On the castle, find the two studs that are in front of the keep, directly in line with the balcony created
in step 108. Place the window we just made on those studs, horizontally long, with the point of the roof at
the back.
114. We’ve got two more windows to make for the base of the keep! Find two blue 1x2 triple slopes, two
white 1x2x2 arched window panels, two transparent gray window glasses, and two gold 1x2 plates with a
rail on one side.
114.1. Place a window frame in front of you, horizontally long, with the flat part at the front. Place a
window glass into the window frame by pushing it in from the back.
114.2. Place a rail plate under the previous piece, with the rail at the front.
114.3. Place a triple slope on top of the window, horizontally long, with the point at the back. Repeat step
114 to create another window. On the castle, find the circular tile with a single stud on each side of the
first window. Place a window onto each of these, angled 45 degrees, with the flat part of the window at
the front. The three windows should form half of a hexagon when viewed from the top.
Open group 18.
Now we’ll build another wall for the keep! Set the castle aside for now.
115. Place a white 2x6 plate horizontally long in front of you.
116. Find six white 1x2 plates with a rail on one side. Place one horizontally long, on the front left two
studs, with the rail at the front. Place another directly behind, with the rail at the back. Place the rest of the
rail plates to the right of the first two, in the same orientation, in a horizontal row, all the way to the right
end of the plate.
117. Find a white 1x1 plate, a white 1x2 tile, a white 1x1 tile, a white 2x2 corner tile, and a white 1x1 plate
with a stud sticking up on one side. Place the plate with the side stud on the back right stud, with the side
stud on the right. Place the 1x1 tile directly in front of the previous piece. Place the corner tile directly to
the left of the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter H. Place the 1x2 tile vertically long, directly to
the left of the previous piece. Place the 1x1 plate directly to the left of the plate with a side stud. There
should be a 2x2 of exposed studs at the far left, and a horizontal row of two studs at the back right.
118. Find two white 1x1 half cylinder tiles. Place them on the two studs at the back right, with the flat
sides at the left and right.
119. Now we’ll make a little room on the side of the wall. Find a white 1x2 plate with a 2x2 of anti-stud on
the side, two white 1x2 plates, a gold 1x2 jumper plate, two white 1x1 plates with a stud sticking up on
one side, and a blue 1x2 triple slope.
119.1. Place a 1x2 plate horizontally long in front of you. Place another 1x2 plate on top of the previous
piece.
119.2. Place a 1x2 plate with a 2x2 of anti-stud on the side on the previous piece, with the anti-stud at the
back.
119.3. Place a white 1x1 plate with a side stud on the left stud, with the side stud at the left. Place the
other 1x1 plate with a side stud on the right stud, with the right stud at the right.
119.4. Place a gold 1x2 jumper plate, horizontally long, on the previous pieces.
119.5. Place a blue 1x2 triple slope on the previous piece, horizontally long, with the point at the back.
Rotate this assembly so that the 2x2 of anti-stud is on the bottom, and the slope is at the right. Attach the
2x2 of anti-stud onto the wall we built in steps 115-118. Rotate the wall so it is tall, with the little room we
just made at the left.
120. Place the castle in front of you, with the drawbridge at the back. Place the wall we just made on the
side studs on the left side of the keep. The bottom should touch the tiles on the castle roof, and the little
room should be at the left.
121. The top of the keep should have a circular brick with a 2x2 of studs on the top, to the right and offset
to the front are two horizontally long 1x3 plates with two studs each, to the right is a single stud offset to
the back. The left wall of the keep should have an upwards facing stud about midway up. Find two gold
1x2 plates with a rail on one side. Place one vertically long, with the rail at the left, onto the left column of
studs on the two 1x3 plates with two studs on the top of the castle. Place the other directly to the right of
the previous piece with the rail at the right.
122. Find a gold 1x1 tile with a clip on top, and a blue 2x2x2 quadruple slope. Place the quadruple slope
on the previous pieces. Place the tile with a clip on top of the previous piece, with the clip horizontal.
123. Now we’re going to build two little spires! Find two gold 1x1 circular plates, two gold minifigure ski
poles, and two transparent blue 1x1 cones. Place a cone on top of a circular plate and push the thick part
of a ski pole through the top of the cone until it stops. Repeat these three pieces to make another spire.
Place one spire on the stud, one stud behind and to the right of the quad slope from the previous step at
the top of the keep. Place the other spire on the stud midway down the left wall of the keep.
Open Bag 4.
Open group 19.
124. Rotate the castle 180 degrees so the drawbridge is at the front. Find the square tower on the outer
right castle wall, and find the circular plate to its left. Let’s put a room and a spire on that! Find a blue 2x2
circular tile with a stud on top, a gold ski pole, a transparent blue 2x2 dish, and a transparent blue 1x1
cone.
124.1. Place the circular tile with a stud on top, on the circular plate on the wall mentioned above. Place
the dish onto the circular tile.
124.2. Place the cone on top of the dish, and push the thick part of a ski pole through the top of the cone
until it stops.
125. Now we will build the castle’s gate! Examine the castle roof in front of the keep. There should be two
unbroken rows of studs in front of the castle. The next row to the front steps down by one stud in the
center, and has a two stud hole centered horizontally. The gate will go down through this hole! There
should be a row of six horizontal studs at the front of the wall, over the arched entryway. Find two gold
harpoons, two white 1x2 plates with rounded ends, and two white 1x1 plates with a horizontal clip on one
end.
125.1. Place a plate with a clip in front of you, with the clip on the left. Place a plate with rounded ends on
the previous piece, horizontally long, aligned with the right end so that it extends over the clip of the
previous piece.
125.2. Place a harpoon into the clip, so the point hangs down. Push it through the clip, and into the hollow
stud of the plate with rounded ends until it is flush with the top of the stud. Place this onto the second stud
from the front of the castle, just to the right of the hole over the gate so the harpoon hangs down into the
hole for the gate, attaching the clip plate to the stud to the right of the hole. Repeat the previous three
pieces, and place them symmetrically on the left side of the gate hole.
126. Find a white 1x2 plate with rounded ends, and two gold 1x1 round plates with a bar on one side.
Place the plate with rounded ends, horizontally long, in front of the previous pieces, centered over the
arched entryway. Place a round plate with a bar on each side of the previous piece, with the bars at the
front.
127. Find a light gray 1x2 plate with a row of two studs hanging down from one long side, and a gold 1x2
ingot tile. Place the ingot tile on the side studs of the plate with side studs, and place this horizontally
long, with the ingot at the front, on the 1x2 plate with rounded ends from the previous step.
128. Find two blue 1x2 curved slope tiles with a cut-out at one side. Place one on each side of the
previous piece, vertically long, with the cutout at the back so these slope down to the front.
Open group 20.
Now we’ll build the clock tower over the gate! Set the castle aside for now.
129. Find a light gray 2x2 plate with two studs on one side, and a white 1x2 plate with rounded ends.
Place the plate with side studs in front of you, with the side studs at the front. Place the plate with
rounded ends, horizontally long, on the back row of studs on the previous piece.
130. Place a dark gray 2x2 plate on top of the previous two pieces.
131. Find two light gray 1x2 bricks with a 1x2 row of studs on one long side. Place one vertically long, on
the left column of the previous piece, with the studs on the left. Place the other symmetrically to the right
of the first.
132. Find two light gray 2x2 tiles. Place one on the side studs of each previous piece, hanging down the
side and aligned with the top.
133. Find two gold 1x2 plates with a rail on one side. Place one vertically long, on the left column of
studs, with the rail on the left. Place the other symmetrically to the right of the first.
134. Find a gold 1x1 tile with a clip on top, and a blue 2x2x2 quadruple slope. Place the quadruple slope
on the previous pieces. Place the tile with a clip on top of the previous piece, with the clip horizontal.
135. Find a gold 1x1 circular tile with an upright bar on the top, a gold 2x3 pentagonal tile with a clock
pattern, and a white 1x2 plate with a long triangular frame on one side. The last piece has a side anti-stud
on the point of the triangle.
135.1. Place the 1x2 with a triangle onto the bottom side studs of the clock tower, with the point of the
triangle upwards. Place the bar of the circular tile into the antistud at the point of the triangle, at the top of
the build.
135.2. Place the clock tile on the studs at the front of the clock tower, aligned with the bottom, with the
point upwards. The clock has a light blue and white face, with gold trim all around. Its hands show 9:00.
136. Place the castle in front of you, with the drawbridge at the front. Keeping the clock tile at the front,
place the clock tower on the castle wall, directly above the entry arch. It should be between the slope tiles
from step 128.
137. Find two gold crowbars. The curved portion of these forms a clip. With the point of the crowbar at the
top, and the clip facing back, attach them to the bars directly below and to each side of the clock. Adjust
them so they are straight up and down.
138. Find two gold crowbars. Attach them just like you did in the previous step to the bars at the left and
right sides of the drawbridge. You should have seven light gray 2x2 circular plates, and five transparent
blue 3x3 dishes left over in this group. We’ll use these for the next part, with two circular plates leftover for
step 150!
Open group 21.
Now it’s time to build the iconic round rooms which top the towers on the castle walls! We’ll build five of
these exactly the same.
139. Find a light gray 2x2 circular plate and a gold 2x2 circular plate. Place the gold plate on top of the
light gray plate.
140. Place a 2x2 circular tile with a hole in the middle on top.
141. Find a gold 6L bar with a stop ring near one end. Push it down through the middle of the previous
pieces, with the stop at the bottom, until it stops.
142. Find a light gray 20 tooth thin gear. Push this all the way down over the previous piece, with the
smooth side down.
143. Find a black 1x1 brick with studs on all four sides, two light gray 1x1 plates, four gold minifigure
binoculars, and two 1x2 jumper plates.
143.1. Place the brick with studs on all four sides in front of you.
143.2. Place a 1x1 plate on the left and right side studs.
143.3. Place a jumper plate, horizontally long, onto the front and back side studs, centered horizontally.
143.4. Place a binocular onto the stud of each of the previous four pieces, with the two large cylinders at
the bottom. The binoculars have an anti-stud only on one side. Slide this entire assembly all the way
down over the bar from step 141, with the stud from the 1x1 brick with studs on all four sides at the top.
144. Find a blue 2x2 circular tile with a single stud on top. Push this all the way down over the bar until it
connects to the stud from the brick with studs on all four sides.
145. Find a dark gold 3x3 dish. Push this down over the bar until it connects to the previous piece.
146. Find a transparent blue 3x3 dish. Push this down over the bar until it connects to the previous piece.
147. Find a blue 2x2 circular tile with a single stud on top, a transparent blue 2x2 dish, and a gold 2x2
circular plate. Place the circular tile onto the circular plate, and place the dish on top of the circular tile.
Place this assembly down over the bar until it connects to the piece from the previous step.
148. Find a gold ski pole and a transparent blue 1x1 cone. Place the cone on the previous piece, and
push the thick part of a ski pole through the top of the cone until it stops.
Repeat steps 139-148 four more times! You should have two gold 2x2 circular plates leftover.
149. Now we’ll put these rooms on the castle! Put the castle in front of you, with the drawbridge at the
front. Place a tower on the two towers at the far left of the castle, one on the towers to the left and right of
the drawbridge, and one on the tower at the back right of the castle.
Open group 22.
150. Now we’ll detail the towers at the back of the castle. Rotate the castle 180 degrees so the
drawbridge is at the back. Find two light gray 2x2 circular plates, two light gray 2x2 short cones, two white
2x2 tiles with a hole in the middle, and two gold 2x2 circular plates.
150.1. Place a light gray circular plate in front of you. Place a gold circular brick on top.
150.2. Place a white circular tile with a hole on the previous piece.
150.3. Place the short cone upside down, and attach its stud into the hole on top of the previous piece.
Place this assembly, with the upside down cone at the top, on the front left tower of the castle. Repeat
step 150 and for the front right tower of the castle.
151. Now it’s on to the last part of the castle! The tallest tower!! Find three white 2x2 circular bricks with
vertical grooves. Place one in front of you and stack the other two on top.
152. Find a light gray 2x2 circular tile with one stud on top, and a gold 2x2 circular plate. Place the
circular plate on the previous piece, and put the circular tile on top.
153. Find a black 1x1 brick with studs on all four sides, three gold 1x1 tiles with a clip on top, and a gold
1x1 plate.
153.1. Place the brick in front of you. Attach the 1x1 plate to the front side stud.
153.2. Place a tile with a clip onto each of the other three tiles, with the clip up and down. Place this
assembly on top of the circular tile with one stud at the top of the tower.
154. Find a gold 1x1 cone, a gold 2x2x2 cone, and a gold ski pole. Place the 2x2x2 cone on the previous
assembly. Place the 1x1 cone on the previous piece. Push the thick part of a ski pole through the top of
the previous piece until it stops.
155. Now, just the little side room remains to attach! Find a white 1x1 pyramid tile, and a white 1x1 plate
with a ring on one side. The ring works as a side stud on either end. Place the plate with a ring in front of
you, with the ring at the left. Place the pyramid tile onto the front ring, so its point is at the front. Place this
assembly onto the side stud directly below the top of the tower, with the pyramid pointing down.
156. Find a gold 1x1 cone, and a gold unicorn horn. Place the cone on the top side of the ring from the
previous step so it points upwards. Place the unicorn horn, with the point up, down through the top of the
previous piece until it stops.
157. Rotate the castle 180 degrees so the drawbridge is at the front. Find the tower base at the top of the
keep, just to the right of the pyramid shaped roof. This is a 2x2 cylinder. Attach the tallest tower to the
base! The little side room should be at the front right.
Congratulations! Now the Mini Disney Castle is complete! GREAT WORK!!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
There are no pages of ads after the instructions end.
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!