41724 Paisley's House
Set adapted by Ann Wei and tested by Torsten Werner
Young builders aged 4+ have lots to discover in this LEGO® Friends Paisley’s House (41724) set. The top
floor includes a bedroom and bathroom and can be removed, making it easy to explore the kitchen below.
There are accessories for role play, including snacks and fruit to eat at the outdoor table, plus a can for
recycling. In the yard, there is a cozy corner where Paisley plays the guitar and writes music while keeping
her pet bunny company. There’s even a carrot for the rabbit to snack on.
Encourage young builders.
LEGO® sets for ages 4+ come with a helpful Starter Brick – a sturdy base that offers a quick and fun
building experience. Let the LEGO Builder app guide you and your child on an easy and intuitive building
adventure. Zoom in and rotate models in 3D, save sets, and track your progress.
Welcome to the next generation of Heartlake City.
Kids make friends and discover exciting locations in the LEGO Friends universe, where they can enjoy
creative play and act out real-life adventures.
Paisley’s House toy set for kids aged 4+ – Introduce kids who love imaginative role play to the world of
LEGO building with this LEGO Friends Paisley’s House (41724) playset with removable top floor.
Includes 3 mini-dolls – Comes with characters Paisley, Ella, and Jonathan, plus a pet bunny character with
its own small house, and accessories including a brush, guitar, kitchenware, food, and more.
A house packed with friendship – This 2-story LEGO Friends house features a kitchen, bedroom,
bathroom, outdoor dining area, plus a cozy corner outdoor area where shy Paisley loves to relax.
A treat for kids – This LEGO Friends toy set makes a fun reward or gift for kids aged 4 and up who love
imaginative play.
Sized for play – This LEGO Friends Paisley’s House toy measures over 6 in. (16 cm) high, 5 in. (13 cm)
wide and 5 in. (12 cm) deep.
Box descriptions:
The front of the box shows two images: a main image and one small drawing. The main image shows a
big yard with white fences, and a tall blue, yellow, purple, and orange 2-story house. Scattered throughout
the yard, there is a small, orange, white, blue, and green bunny house with a carrot and a ladybug, there is
Paisley playing guitar in a little area with a tree, chair, music sheet, and bunny, and not to mention,
Paisley’s dad and little sister, Jonathan and Ella, are outside as well, sharing an apple! Some small
doodles throughout of hearts, music notes, and jumping also indicate that Ella loves her dad, Paisley loves
playing music, and the bunny loves to listen to music! The small drawing shows the minifigures’ names
and differing heights, the small child is Ella, the medium-sized girl is Paisley, and the tall man is Jonathan.
The top of the box shows the Paisley minifigure, which may be an indication that this is her house!
The side of the box shows the bunny, a carrot, and all of the minifigures flying and following the waves of
the music notes from Paisley’s guitar.
The back of the box shows two pictures: a main image and an inset image at the bottom. The main image
shows a visual itemized list of everything in the set including four separate structures like a little table with
chairs, three minifigures and one animal minifigure, and 15 accessories such as a glass of water, waffle,
cookie with rainbow sprinkles, hairbrush, and more.
The inset view shows a scene where Jonathan is bringing a waffle in a pan over to the table, Paisley is
bringing over a cup with hot liquid and a cookie, and Ella is standing on the chair at the table behind a
banana and an apple in a bowl.
Specifications:
The build comes with 185 pieces, 4 loose pieces, 3 bags, 3 instruction books, and about 160 pages of
instructions.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO® for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we may be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO® brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
-PPP/That one: previously placed piece
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of piece.
- Row: studs lined up vertically (left to right or side to side).
- Column: studs lined up horizontally (top to bottom to back to front).
Note: count columns left to right, rows back to front, and align the back-left corner stud of the piece (unless
otherwise specified) if we describe both the row and column a piece should be on. Example: “Place the
2x2 brick on the plate’s third row, fourth column” means to align the back-left corner stud of the 2x2 brick
onto the plate’s stud that meets at the third row and fourth column.
§
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/41724) As low vision users may benefit from
viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups/piles, bags, or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the pieces
for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set. Number
the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one or a
small number of steps in the instructions. Example: “Steps 1-3” means collect all the parts used in steps 1,
2, and 3, and put them in one group.
Sort the pieces into groups or piles as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the
same brick in a step, the colors will be split into two groups to make telling the difference easier for the
builder! LEGO® includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group
away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Note: there are designs printed onto pieces that should be built facing a certain way and their orientations
may not be determined by touch, so ask your helper about the orientations of the designs on the printed
pieces and make physical or mental notes of them for later if you would like, or have a helper check the
orientations of designs after the completion of the build.
Bag 1 of 3 + 2 large pieces that come loosely inside the box and not in any bags (4 groups):
These pieces in this bag build Paisley’s father and the first floor of the house with a kitchen.
Group 1: book 1 pages 6-19.
Group 2: 20-37.
Group 3: 38-55.
Group 4: 56-68.
Bag 2 of 3 + 2 large loose pieces (5 groups):
The pieces in this bag build Paisley’s little sister and the second floor of the house with a bedroom and a
bathroom.
Group 5: book 2 pages 4-11.
Group 6: 12-27.
Group 7: 28-39.
Group 8: 40-55.
Group 9: 56-68.
Bag 3 of 3 (4 groups):
The pieces in this bag build Paisley and three outdoor structures which are a table with chairs, a bunny
hut, and Paisley’s nook.
Group 10: book 2 pages 4-13.
Group 11: 14-21.
Group 12: 22-31.
Group 13: 32-37.
Group 14 contains any extras from any bags in case you lose any small pieces.
§
Building Instructions:
6. Let’s begin by building Jonathan! Find the light nougat head, light blue torso, green legs attached to
brown shoes, black hair, 1x1 waffle printed circular tile, and the black frying pan.
7. Assemble the head, torso, and legs, with the feet facing front, elbows facing back, neck facing up, bump
for a nose facing front, chin facing down, and head stud facing up. Then place the hair on the head with
the nose centered in between the sides, attach the stick of the frying pan to his hand, and place the waffle
inside the frying pan, unattached to anything.
8. Let’s build the first floor of the house! Find one large blue 8x16 plate with 6 gaps along the edges and
two yellow 1x4 plates.
9. Orient the 8x16 plate horizontally then vertically cover the gaps on the first and last columns.
10. Locate one purple 2x4 plate and one blue 1x4 tile.
11. In the front left gap, horizontally place the tile, then in the front right gap, horizontally place the plate
leaving the front row overhanging.
12. Locate one green 8x8 plate with a rounded edge.
13. With the rounded edge-facing font, place it under the overhang with the 2x4 centered horizontally.
14. Let’s start building the walls! Locate two tall yellow 1x6 panels.
15. Vertically place each upright on the first and last column, first row.
16. Locate two blue 1x6 bricks.
17. Vertically place this on the ppps.
18. Locate one yellow 2x16 tall wall with three frame-holes (loose piece that did not come in bag) and one
yellow 4x6 smooth panel.
19. Insert the panel vertically upright into the thinner ridged edge of the middle frame hole.
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
20. Locate one clear 4x6 tall smooth panel with a printed design displaying a pink window frame, orange
shade curtain, blue roller shade chain, and green plants with orange star-shaped flowers.
21. Insert this into the thin ridged edge of the first frame hole to the left of the ppp.
22. Take this entire structure.
23. Place it on the main build’s floor, on the last two rows of the large 8x16 plate, in front of the two side
walls.
24. Locate two blue 1x4 tiles and one blue 2x2 tile.
25. All of these pieces will be placed on the ceiling. Vertically place one 1x4 on the first column, fifth row.
Symmetrically, place the other 1x4 on the last column, fifth row. Place the square to the left of the ppp, on
the two front rows.
26. Locate two white 1x4 modified tiles with only two studs, one on each edge.
27. Vertically place each behind each 1x4 tile in step 25, on the first and last columns, first rows.
28. Locate one yellow 2x4 tile with a printed design displaying their house number “23” on wooden planks,
along with a blue mounted wall planter with green plants.
29. With the design facing upright, place the tile on the front wall of the house, top-left horizontal 1x2
studs. Ensure that this hangs down along the front wall, not up above the 1x2 studs.
30. Locate one purple 1x4 tall frame and two yellow 1x2 modified tiles with downward slopes.
31. Place the frame vertically upright in front of the third frame hole in the front wall, on top of the
horizontal 1x4 studs along the first row of the 8x8 plate with a rounded edge. Ensure that the thinner edge
of the frame is facing front. Now horizontally place the tiles to the left and right of the ppp on the same
rounded plate, with the downward slopes facing front.
32. Locate one yellow 1x4 plate and two yellow 2x2 plates.
33. Place each of these in front of all three ppps; each square should go in front of each slope, and the
1x4 should be placed horizontally in front of the frame.
34. Let’s build the door with a doorknob! Locate another purple 1x4 tall frame, one similar-sized orange
door panel with a stud on each side, a hinge along the top and bottom edge, four square holes, and one
white 1x1 flower with bumpy edges.
35. Let’s assemble the door into the frame, with the hinge side on the left. Vertically upright with the
squares on the upper half, insert the door into the thinner edges of the frame, attaching the hinges. Then
place the flower doorknob on the stud that is on the side with the thinner edges of the frame.
36. Take this door structure. 
37. Oriented horizontally and upright, place this in front of the same frame that was previously placed on
the 8x8 rounded plate, horizontally centered on the second row. There should be horizontal 1x2 studs to
the left and right of this.
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
38. Let’s build two side beams to hold up a roof! Locate two purple 1x2 tall bricks.
39. Oriented vertically and upright, symmetrically place each in front of the downward sloped pieces on the
first and last column.
40. Locate two purple 1x2 regular bricks.
41. Vertically and symmetrically use each to cover the top of the ppp tall bricks.
42. Locate two purple 2x4 plates.
43. With both pieces horizontal and next to each other, place them on top of both purple 1x4 tall frames
that formed horizontal 2x4 studs on top. Together, these pieces should be horizontally centered. Also
ensure that the front two corners are placed on one stud of each side beam.
44. Locate two 1x1 purple flowers with bumpy edges.
45. With the studs facing up, place each in front of each front-corner of the ppps.
46. Locate one blue 2x4 brick.
47. Turn the build 180 degrees so that the rounded edge of the 8x8 plate is now facing back. Horizontally
place this horizontally centered on both step 42 plates.
48. Locate two blue 3x4 bricks with a downward slope and only four studs each.
49. To the left and right of the ppp, with the downward slopes facing away from each other, symmetrically
place the front half of each of these on top of the beams and flowers. There should be a vertical 1x4
overhanging at the end of each slope.
50. Locate two more blue 3x4 bricks with a downward slope and only four studs each.
51. Horizontally centered, next to each other, with the slopes facing away from each other, symmetrically
place these on top of all three ppps’s 16 studs. There should be vertical 2x4 studs formed at the top of
both pieces.
52. Locate one blue 2x4 tile.
53. Vertically cover the previously mentioned vertical 2x4 studs on top of the ppps.
54. Locate three more of the same blue 2x4 tiles.
55. Oriented horizontally, place all of them next to each other, along the back ceiling, covering the two
exposed rows of studs.
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
56. Let’s build the sink! Locate one orange 2x3 brick, one 1x2 orange brick, two transparent blue tiles with
3 side walls on top resembling a couch, and one yellow faucet/spout.
57. Start by orienting the 2x3 brick horizontally, then vertically placing the 1x2 brick on top of the first
column of the 2x3. Put the two vertical couch pieces next to each other, with the walls facing up, to form a
box, then place this to the right of the ppp covering the rest of the 2x3 brick studs. Now place the faucet’s
large hold on top of the back stud of the 1x2 brick, ensuring the spout is sticking out right.
58. Take this sink structure and orient it vertically with the faucet in the back and the spout facing front.
59. Vertically place this on the main build inside the house’s back right corner, on the floor’s last two
columns, first three rows.
60. Let’s build an oven with a stove top! Locate one gray 2x3 hollow brick with a hole in the front side, one
2x3 panel with a handle on the left, one 2x2 gray modified tile with a top stud, one brown croissant, and
one red 1x2 grille piece with textured stripes.
61. Orient the stove brick horizontally with the hole facing front. Horizontally upright, with the panel’s
vertical handle on the front-right, vertically insert this into the right side of the oven’s front hole, clicking the
tiny, ridged edges/hinges into tiny holes inside the oven. Then place the croissant inside the oven, close
the oven door, and vertically place the grille piece on top of the oven’s first column. To the right of the ppp,
place the modified tile.
62. Take this oven and stove structure.
63. Keeping the same horizontal orientation, place it inside the main build, on the floor, to the immediate
left of the sink structure on the back two rows.
64. Let’s build a refrigerator! Locate one white 2x3 tall hollow brick with two shelves inside, one similar
size transparent panel with two hinges on an edge, and a stud for a doorknob on a side, one transparent
blue popsicle or rounded rectangle with a bottom stick, one blue 1x1 brick with a white printed design of a
glass of water or milk, and one white 1x1 flower with bumpy edges.
65. Vertically upright, with the stud on the front-left, vertically insert the back hinges into the left side of the
refrigerator’s hole. Place the popsicle horizontally on the top shelf inside the refrigerator, with the stick
facing left, then place the 1x1 brick on the bottom level of the inside, ensuring the print is facing front and
the stud is facing up. Close the refrigerator door then place the flower on the front stud. Now you can open
and close the door!
66. Take this refrigerator structure.
67. Keeping the same orientation, place this inside the house, on the back two rows of the floor, to the left
of the stove/oven. The kitchen, the first floor of the house, instruction book 1 and bag 1 is now completed!
68. Now you can place Jonathan, who is holding a pan with a waffle, inside the kitchen if you would like!
There are two pages after book 1 instructions end, showing a continuous drawing of the entire group of 8
LEGO Friends: Paisley, Autumn, Aliya, Zac, Leo, Liann, Olly, and Nova.
At this point, and if applicable, a helper should move onto bag 2 and instruction book 2.
Note that the building instructions begin on page 4 for bag 2, instruction book 2, so the step numbers will
restart.
4. Let’s build Paisley’s little sister! Locate one orange hair with two pigtails, one light nougat head with
printed blue eyes, and one child’s body with blue shoes and a printed blue and white dress with pink polka
dots and a pink bow.
5. With the pigtails pointing back left and right, chin facing down, head’s stud facing up, bump for a nose
facing front and centered in between the pig tails, and arms and feet pointing front, assemble the Ella
minifigure by attaching the head onto the neck of the body. Then attaching the hair onto the head.
6. Let’s build the second floor of Paisley’s house! Locate another large loose blue 8x16 plate with 6 gaps
along the edges and another two yellow 1x4 plates.
7. Use the 1x4s to horizontally fill in the gaps along the first row.
8. Locate 4 blue 1x4 tiles.
9. Fill in the rest of the four gaps.
10. Let’s build a wall with two windows! Locate the last large loose piece which is the yellow 2x16 tall brick
with three frame holes, and two clear 4x6 tall panels with the same printed windows from the last bag.
11. With the brick oriented horizontally with the ridged and thin edges of the frame holes facing front,
horizontally insert each frame into the left and right holes, with the designs and pieces vertically upright,
leaving the center hole empty.
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
12. Locate one yellow 4x6 tall smooth panel.
13. Vertically upright and horizontally insert this into the center frame hole.
14. Locate two yellow modified tiles with downward slopes.
15. Place each horizontally with the downward slopes facing down, and flat side facing up, on the
horizontal 1x2 studs on the left and right of the front-facing wall.
16. Take this wall structure.
17. Place it on the front last row of the floor piece, horizontally.
18. Let’s build a toilet! Locate one light blue 1x2 brick, one white 2x3 brick, one light blue 1x2 circular tile,
and one white 1x2 modified tile with a stud on top.
19. With the 2x3 brick oriented vertically, horizontally place the 1x2 on top, covering the first row. Then
horizontally cover the ppp with the 1x2 tile. Then in front, cover the rest of the 2x2 studs on the 2x3 brick.
20. Take this toilet structure and turn the wall and floor structure 180 degrees so that the wall is now facing
back.
21. Immediately in front of the wall, on the first three rows, last two columns of the floor, place the toilet
keeping the same orientation. Note the right side of the toilet sits on tile, not studs.
22. Let’s build a bathtub! Locate one white 1x4 modified tile with a side wall facing up, resembling a
bench.
23. To the immediate left of the toilet and in front of the wall, horizontally place this along the first row,
ensuring the side wall is up against the back wall.
24. Locate two transparent blue 1x2 tiles.
25. Let’s build the water inside the tub! Immediately in front of the ppp, horizontally place these tiles next
to each other, covering the four 1x4 studs in front of the bench, and on the second row. 
26. Locate another of the same white 1x4 bench piece with a side wall facing up.
27. Horizontally place this on the row in front of the ppps, with the side wall facing front.
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
28. Locate one light blue 1x6 tall hollow brick panel/wall with a printed design on one side displaying a
yellow and green circular bathroom mirror, blue toothbrush and green toothpaste tube in a green cup,
toilet paper, green towel with white polka dots, white handheld shower attachment, yellow rubber duck,
green soap bottle, white bathtub faucet, white bathtub, yellow and white brick walls, and light blue bubbles
in the bath. On the indented side of the hollow brick panel/wall, there is a purple printed design displaying
headphones hung on a wall hook, a music notes sheet, and a family photo with Paisley, Ella, and
Jonathan, all with red hair.
29. Vertically place this to the immediate left of the bathtub, covering the tenth column of studs, ensuring
the indented side is facing left, and the bathroom design is facing right.
30. Locate one light blue 1x4 brick and one white 1x2 modified brick with a side handle bar with three
sections.
31. Vertically place both pieces on top of the ppp with the 1x4 in front of the 1x2, covering all 1x6 vertical
studs, ensuring the handle is facing right.
32. Locate one blue 1x4 tile and one orange 1x3 tile.
33. Vertically place each on top of both ppps with the 1x2 in front of the 1x4, perfectly covering the vertical
1x6 studs.
34. Locate one purple 2x2 brick, one light blue 1x2 brick, one transparent blue 1x2 modified tile with three
side walls resembling a couch, and another yellow faucet with a spout sticking out.
35. Let’s build another sink, but smaller than the last! Vertically place the 1x2 brick along the top first
column of the 2x2 brick. To the right, vertically place the couch piece with side walls facing up and the
longest wall facing right, covering the second half. Now place the faucet on the back stud of the left 1x2
brick, ensuring the spout is sticking out right.
36. Take this sink structure.
37. Place it to the right of the printed wall on the front last two rows, first two columns of the bathroom
floor.
38. Let’s build a shower head! Locate one white 1x1 modified tile with a side hook and one transparent
blue 2x2 flattened wide cone with a stud on top.
39. Start by placing the plate on top of the cone and clicking the side hook, facing left, onto the middle
section of the bar handle on the bathroom ceiling. Ensure that the plate is perfectly leveled at 180
degrees, not hanging or angled up or down.
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
40. Locate one white semi-circular window frame with three sticks inside it.
41. With the round edge facing up, and indented side facing back, horizontally place this horizontally
centered on top of the tall back wall’s first row, seventh column.
42. Let’s build a roof! Locate two blue 1x6 arches or bricks with a large semi-circular hole.
43. With one in front of the other, horizontally place this over the ppp with the bottom edges attaching to
the studs on each side of the semi-circular window.
44. Locate two blue 2x2 bricks.
45. Place one to the left and one to the right of the ppps.
46. Locate two more blue 4x3 bricks with downward slopes and 1x4 vertical studs.
47. Symmetrically and vertically cover the rest of the top studs of the back wall with these pieces vertically
centered on the first two and last two columns, and the right brick’s downward slope facing right and the
left brick’s downward slope facing left.
48. Locate two more of the same blue 4x3 bricks with downward slopes and 1x4 vertical studs.
49. Symmetrically and vertically place both on top of the ppps, with the sloped brick on top matching the
same orientation as the one below it. Both should each cover 8 studs total, have their opposite flat sides
up against the arch pieces, and, again, be vertically centered.
50. Locate one blue 2x4 brick.
51. Vertically place this horizontally and vertically centered on the arch pieces.
52. Locate two more of the blue 4x3 bricks with downward slopes.
53. Vertically and symmetrically place each on the left and right of the ppp, again with the left brick’s slope
facing left and the right brick’s slope facing right.
54. Locate two blue 2x4 tiles.
55. Vertically place them next to each other, covering the roof’s top 4x4 studs.
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
56. Let’s make a bed! Locate two purple 2x2 bricks.
57. With one in front of the other, place them to the immediate left of the vertical printed wall’s indented
side, immediately in front of the back wall on the last two columns, first two rows of studs on the bedroom
floor.
58. Let’s put a pillow and blanket on the bed! Locate one orange 2x3 tile and one white 1x2 modified tile
with a downward slope.
59. Horizontally place the 1x2 along the first back row of the ppps/mattress with the downward slope
facing front, then vertically place the 2x3 in front, covering the rest of the mattress.
60. Let’s make a side table with a drawer for storing and placing items/accessories! Locate one white 2x3
box or hollow brick, one white 2x3 drawer with a horizontal side handle, one orange hairbrush, one white
flower with bumpy edges and a top stud, and one purple 1x1 cylinder or tall circular brick.
61. With the 2x3 box oriented horizontally with the hole facing front, and with the horizontal drawer’s hole
facing up and handle facing front, slide the drawer back into the 2x3’s box front hole, then place the
hairbrush in the drawer, close the drawer with the handle of the brush sticking out, then place the flower
on top of the cylinder and place the flowerpot on the second column, first row’s stud of the side table.
62. Take this side table structure and keep it in the same orientation.
63. Place this immediately in front of the back wall, to the left of the bed, skipping one column of the studs.
64. Let’s build another bed! Locate one white 2x6 brick, one light blue 1x2 plate, one light blue 2x2 curved
step, one yellow 2x4 tile.
65. Orient the 2x6 brick horizontally, then vertically cover the first column with the plate. Now place the
curved step with the rounded side facing up, the downward slope facing right, and the higher step on top
of the ppp. Place the flat tile to the right of that, covering the rest of the 2x6 studs.
66. Take this bed structure.
67. Vertically place this immediately in front of the back wall, to the left of the side table, skipping one
column of studs, ensuring that the left edge aligns with the left edge of the floor, and that the pillow is on
the back side.
68. You can now place Ella anywhere in the bedroom if you would like! The second floor of the house with
the bedroom, bathroom, and Ella, is now complete.
There is a page after the book 2 instructions end, showing a fun picture of a gray LEGO hippo, with white
wings, flying toward you with four yellow, brown, and white LEGO birds, on a white paper, as if they are
coming out from the page to congratulate you on your progress or encourage you to “Rebuild the world™”
(the large colorful text displayed on the corner of the page). To give you a bit of insight before we move
on, “Rebuild the World” focuses on imagination, natural creativity, inspiration, transformation, advocacy,
and the ability to change the world.
Now at this point, and if applicable, a helper should move onto bag 2 and instruction book 2.
Note that the building instructions begin on page 4 for bag 3, instruction book 3, so the step numbers will
restart.
4. Let’s build Paisley! Locate one light nougat head with printed blue eyes, one purple and pink printed
torso with a yellow guitar, one light blue legs with dark blue attached shoes, one red long wavy hair, and
one brown guitar.
5. Assemble the Paisley mini figure by putting the head onto the torso’s neck, onto the legs, ensuring the
head’s top stud faces up, bump for a nose faces front, elbows point back, and feet point front. Then place
the hair on top with the left bangs covering the left eye, very close to the nose, so that the front hole of the
hair is exposing the front-right of her face. Now extend her left arm straight forward, then click the guitar
into her hand so that the print is facing front.
6. Let’s build the bunny’s hut! Locate one blue modified 1x2 brick with a side handle, one green 2x6 plate,
one white modified tile with three side walls facing up resembling a couch, and one white 1x2 grille with
textured stripes.
7. With the plate oriented horizontally, vertically cover the last column with the modified brick, ensuring the
vertical handle is facing front. Then horizontally place the couch to the immediate left along the first row,
and horizontally place the grille immediately in front along the second row.
8. Locate another blue 1x2 modified brick and one green 2x2 modified tile with a stud on top.
9. To the immediate left of the ppp, cover the third column with the brick ensuring the handle faces front,
then place the tile to the left, covering the remaining 2x2 studs on the first and last column.
10. Locate two white 1x4 arch bricks and two orange 2x2 downward sloped bricks with only two studs
each.
11. With one arch in front of the other, horizontally place both on top of both bricks with handles. The
arches should hover over the couch and grille pieces. Now with the 2x2 bricks next to each other,
downward slopes facing away from each other, and their studs forming 2x2 studs on top, place these on
top of the ppps, covering all 2x4 studs on the arches.
12. Locate one blue 1x2 modified plate with a side hook, one dark blue bunny, one orange long pointy
cone shape and one green stick with a v on top to make the bunny’s carrot.
13. With the two studs facing left, vertically hook the plate onto the left handlebar in the front. This will be
the door/gate to the bunny’s hut! Now with the thinner edge of the carrot cone pointing down and the V of
the carrot-top facing up, insert the stick into the top of the cone, then place the entire carrot, keeping the
same orientation, into the top stud of the 2x2 modified tile on the left. The bunny’s hut is complete!
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
14. Let’s build the table with chairs! Locate one blue large 6x6 circular plate, one white flower with bumpy
edges, and two tan 2x2 bricks with ridged edges.
15. Orient the circle so that two 1x2 horizontal studs close to the edge are in the back and front, and two
1x2 vertical studs close to the edge are on the right and left. On the last column, front stud, place the
flower. On the far back and far front, place each ridged brick symmetrically and horizontally centered.
16. Locate two orange circular tiles and two white 1x2 hollow bricks/frames with an archway hole.
17. Cover the ppps’ 2x2 studs with the circles. On the second and fifth columns, vertically place the frames
so that the edges sticking out of both pieces are facing each other and the window holes are on the sides
facing away from each other. These will be the legs of the table!
18. Locate one white 2x4 modified tile with only two studs on top, one orange bowl, and one yellow mug.
19. Connect the top of both ppps by horizontally placing the tile. Place the bowl on the left stud and the
mug’s ridged bottom edge on the right stud with the handle facing right.
20. Let’s accessorize some more! Locate one yellow banana, one green apple, one tan cookie with white
frosting and rainbow sprinkles, one light green garbage can with two handles, and one transparent black
tall bottle.
21. Place the garbage can on your surface separately on its own with the handles facing front and back,
then place the bottle inside the trash with the top stick sticking up. Now put all that food into the bowl!
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
22. Let’s build Paisley’s outdoor nook. Locate one green 8x8 plate with a rounded edge, and two brown
1x4 brick walls with a textured brick pattern.
23. Orient the plate with the rounded edge facing front, then horizontally cover the entire first row with the
two brick walls.
24. Locate two more brown 1x4 brick walls and two white 1x4 modified tiles with a side crisscross railing
facing up.
25. Extend the existing brick wall by horizontally placing these bricks on top of the ppps. Then on top of
those, place the modified tiles with the railings facing back.
26. Locate one brown long rod/pipe with a 1x1 brick on the bottom, one blue 2x2 globe with a stud on top,
one light green 2x2 modified tile with a stud on top, one red 1x1 circular tile with a printed ladybug, one
orange 1x1 flower with bumpy edges, and one green leaf piece with three spikes.
27. Place the pole on the back left corner, in front of the brick wall. Place the globe on the back right
corner in front of the brick wall. Place the 2x2 tile on the third row, second column. Place the leaf on the
globe with the spikes facing right, then place the flower on top. Now place the ladybug on the left stud of
the floor’s front 1x2 horizontal studs.
28. Locate one brown 2x2 circular brick with ridged edges, one purple 2x2 circular modified tile with a stud
on top, and one white 2x2 tile with a printed music sheet with music notes.
29. Place the music sheet on top of the circular tile, then place this on top of the circular brick.
30. Take this table with a music sheet and orient it so that the top of the print is facing right.
31. Place this on the nook structure’s third and fourth column from the right, second and third row from the
front.
Note: move onto the next sorted group.
32. Let’s make a comfy chair/couch! Locate one white 2x4 boat piece/modified 2x2 plate with upward
slopes, one blue 2x2 tile and two purple 1x2 tiles.
33. Orient the boat piece horizontally with the upward slopes on the right and left. Cover the center 2x2
studs with the 2x2 tile, then vertically cover the tops of the slopes with the 1x2 tiles.
34. Take this chair structure.
35. Diagonally place this on the nook’s 2x2 modified tile with a top stud, ensuring that the arm rests are
pointing back-right and front-left. As a reminder, the modified tile is on the second and third column.
36. Let’s finish building the tree to shade Paisley on sunny days! Locate one large green branch of stems
that resemble a snowflake or leaves, and another green stick/carrot top with a V.
37. Last steps! Place the branches of leaves on the tall pole, attaching it at the center stud. Then insert the
green stick into that same top center stud, ensuring the V sticks up. Now, if you would like, you can place
Paisley anywhere at the nook with her guitar or have her sitting on the chair looking at her music sheet!
There are no ads after the instructions end.
Congratulations! Now Paisley’s House is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit bricksfortheblind.org for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!