60384 Penguin Slushy Van
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau
Bring a fun summer vibe to kids’ play with the LEGO® City Penguin Slushy Van (60384). This penguinthemed vehicle delivers lots of cool features and functions for imaginative play for ages 5+, including a
prep area with 4 toy slushy machines and a sliding serving hatch. Just add the customer and penguinsuited vendor minifigures and let the fun begin!
What’s in the box?
- Everything kids need to build the Penguin Slushy Van, plus 2 minifigures, including a penguin-suited
vendor
Just like the real thing
- Kids can open the side of the van to access a prep area with 4 toy slushy machines and a sliding
window for serving customers
Dimensions - The Penguin Slushy Van measures over 5 in. (12 cm) high, 5.5 in. (14 cm) long and 2.5 in.
(6 cm) wide
LEGO® minifigure accessories
- Toy accessories include a penguin hat for the vendor minifigure and 2 slushy cups
The front of the box shows the penguin slushy van parked in front of a beach, with a city in the
background. The van is black, with a white top, and white and blue trim at the bottom. The black and
white color scheme matches the colors of a penguin. The van’s front bumper is decorated to look like a
penguin, with eyes, and an orange nose. It has large windows which extend down the side and has a
counter for holding drinks. Next to the window is a menu board, showing the available slushy flavors:
blueberry, strawberry, cherry, and green apple. A giant slushy cup is mounted on top of the van, complete
with giant straw. The cup is clear and filled with blue slushy! The slushy vendor is standing outside of the
van handing a red slushy to a little girl. The slushy vendor is wearing a blue outfit with pink arms, and a
blue and white penguin hat! The little girl is wearing teal pants and a blue and white striped tank top with
a fruit logo.
The top of the box has a small image of the slushy vendor walking towards the girl carrying a blue and
red slushy in either hand. The vendor wears a big smile and the customer has a surprised face. There is
also a life-size image of the slushy vendor minifigure.
The back of the box has four images: a main image and three inset images along the right side. The main
image shows the slushy vendor standing inside the van preparing to offer the little girl a slushy. The van
is parked on the beach, with the city in the background and palm fronts around the edges of the view.
The top inset view shows the van above the back right corner. A motion arrow indicates that the right wall
of the van is hinged to allow access to the inside.
The middle insert shows a detailed view inside the van, where the vendor stands next to the slushy
machine. The slushy machine has four separate nozzles with tanks filled with clear slushy mix above
them. From nearest to farthest, the colors are blue, red, green and purple.
The bottom inset picture shows the slushy van driving down the road, with the vendor behind the wheel in
full penguin costume!
The build is 194 pieces, and 101 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- Front: towards you.
- Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to back.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
§
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner may want to follow along with the printed visual
instructions that come with each kit or PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com for each set:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/60384) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with two large bags labeled 1 and 2, instructions, and a sticker sheet. There are
stickers to put onto pieces in steps 41, 46, 47, 59 and 77. If you want to use the stickers, they should be
put on as you or your friend sort the pieces! Sort the pieces into groups as described below. Note that
where there are multiple colors of the same brick in a step, the colors will be split into two groups to make
telling the difference easier for the builder! Lego includes a few spare parts in case you lose something.
Set these into their own group away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Bag 1 (6 groups of bricks)
Minifigure Group 1 contains the pieces to build the penguin vendor minifigure and a red slushy cup.
Minifigure Group 2 contains the pieces to build the little girl customer minifigure and a blue slushy cup.
The following are all Slushy Van Groups:
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-8.
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 9-19.
Group 3 contains the pieces for the “face” of the penguin van. It contains the pieces from step 20 and the
two transparent orange 1x1 slope tiles from step 21.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 21-36.
Bag 2 (7 groups of bricks)
Group 5 contains the pieces from steps 37-44 and one transparent orange 1x1 circular tile from step 45.
Group 6 contains the pieces from steps 45-51.
Group 7 contains the pieces from steps 52-59. It contains the pieces which make the slushy machine!
Group 8 contains the pieces from steps 60-66 and one transparent orange 1x1 circular tile from step 67. It
contains the pieces which make the hinged side of the van.
Group 9 contains the pieces from steps 67-76.
Group 10 contains the pieces from steps 77-81.
Group 11 contains the pieces from steps 82-90. It contains the pieces to make the giant slushy on the top
of the truck, and the wheels.
§
Building Instructions:
Open bag 1.
Sub-build 1 - Vendor Minifigure
Assemble the vendor minifigure using the minifigure legs, the slushy logo patterned torso, the head, and
penguin mask. Build the red slushy by placing the transparent 1x1 round tile with tube on top of the
transparent red 1x1 round brick, with the tube pointing upwards. The tube is the straw of the slushy cup!
Place the bottom of the slushy on top of the minifigure’s hand to have him hold the cup!
Sub-build 2 - Customer Minifigure
Assemble the customer minifigure using the short minifigure legs, the tank-top patterned torso, the head,
and brown hairpiece with hair buns on either side. The little girl’s face has two sides: one with a surprised
face and one with a wide smile. You can turn her head around to show whichever face you want! Build
the blue slushy the same way you built the red slushy for the vendor.
Main-build - Penguin slushy van.
1. Locate a medium blue 2 x 16 plate and place it in front of you with the long axis running horizontally.
2. Locate a dark gray 1x4 plate with an upward slope at either end. Place this vertically at the far right
side of the previous piece, centered vertically. The right end will be the front of the van!
3. Locate two light gray 2x2 plates with pegs. Place these symmetrically to the left of the previous piece
with the pegs pointing vertically, the back one should point away from you while the front one should point
towards you. These are the axles that will hold the front wheels.
4. Locate another dark gray 1x4 plate with an upward slope at either end. Place this vertically to the left of
the pieces from the previous step, centered vertically.
5. Locate a light blue 1x6 plate and two medium blue 1x2 plates. Place the two 1x2 plates symmetrically
underneath the 1x6 plate all the way to each end, so that there is a 2 stud gap under the 1x6 plate. Place
this assembly vertically to the left of the piece from step 5. The gap should go over the 2x16 plate from
step 1.
6. Locate a light blue 6x6 plate and two medium blue 2x6 plates. Place the two 2x6 plates symmetrically
underneath the 6x6 plate all the way to each end, so that there is a 2 stud gap running under the 6x6
plate. Place this assembly vertically to the left of the piece from step 6. The gap should go over the 2x16
plate from step 1.
7. Locate two orange 1x2 grille tiles and two light gray 2x2 plates with pegs. Place one grille tile vertically
to the left of assembly from step 6. Place the two plates with pegs symmetrically to the left of the previous
piece with the pegs pointing vertically, the back one should point away from you while the front one
should point towards you. These are the axles that will hold the rear wheels. Place the second grille tile
vertically to the left of these pieces. Only the very left row of studs from the 2x16 plate from step 1 should
be exposed now!
8. Repeat the assembly from step 5 and place this on the model to the left of the far-left orange grill tile
from step 7. This should cover up the last row of the 2x16 plate.
9. Locate a white 2x16 plate. Place this horizontally over the top of the assembly, centered vertically, with
the ends flush with the rest of the build. It should be directly over top of the 2x16 plate from step 1.
10. Locate a red 2x2 plate. Place this flush with the right end of the build and centered vertically.
11. Locate two black 1x8 tiles. Place these symmetrically to the left of the 1x4 plate with upwards slopes
at each end from step 4, and next to the white 2x16 plate from step 9. The left end should be flush with
and above the right end of the 2x2 plate with peg from step 7. There should be an exposed row of studs
at the front and back as well.
12. Locate four medium blue 2x2 bricks with mudguards. Place one of these on top of each of the 2x2
plates with pegs from steps 3 and 7. Place these so that the brick portion of the mudguard is on top of the
exposed studs on the 2x2 plates with pegs, and so that the curved portion is directly over top of the peg.
These form wheel wells for the van!
13. Locate two white 1x2 inverted slopes. Place these horizontally and symmetrically, to the left of the
wheel wells for the front wheels, sloping upwards to the right. Place them all the way to the front and back
of the model, with the right edge touching the left edge of the plate portion of the wheel well from the
previous step.
14. Locate two white 1x4 bricks and two white 1x1 bricks. Place the 1x4 bricks horizontally and
symmetrically to the left of the previous pieces. Place the 1x1 bricks symmetrically to the left of the 1x4
bricks.
15. Locate two white 1x2 inverted slopes. Place these symmetrically to the left of the 1x1 bricks from step
14, sloping up and to the left. The left edge should be touching the right edge of the plate portion of the
left wheel wells from step 12.
16. Locate two white 2x2 inverted slopes. Place these symmetrically at the far left of the van with a 2 stud
vertical gap between them, sloping up to the right. The right edge should be touching the left edge of the
plate portion of the left wheel wells from step 12.
17. Locate two light gray 2x4 bricks. Place one horizontally to the left of the 2x2 plate from step 10,
centered vertically. Place the other vertically to the left of the first 2x4 brick. It should fit between the 1x4
bricks from step 14, and there should be 8 rows of studs exposed from the 2x16 plate from step 9.
18. Locate a dark blue 2x2 plate with studs on one side, and a tan 2x2 ribbed brick. Place the 2x2 plate
with studs on the side on the far left of the build, centered vertically, with the side studs pointing to the left.
These two studs are at the back of the van and will hold the license plate! Place the 2x2 ribbed brick to
the right of the previous piece. It should be centered vertically between the left set of wheel wells and its
top should be even with the studs on the wheel wells.
19. Rotate the entire build 90 degrees clockwise, so that the front of the van now points towards you and
the back points away. Locate three white 1x2 bracket plates with 4 studs hanging down. Place these
horizontally on the very front of the van in a row from left to right, with the hanging studs facing forwards.
This should result in a 2x6 row of studs at the front of the van. The tops of the bracket plates should be
even with the tops of the front wheel wells.
Sub-build 3 - Front Bumper / Penguin Face
20.1. Set the main build to the side. Locate a white 2x4 plate and place it with the long axis running
horizontally.
20.2. Locate two black 1x1 circular tiles with eye print and one black 1x2 half circle tile. Place the two
eyes symmetrically on the back corners of the 2x4 plate. Place the 1x2 half circle tile between the eyes,
with the flat part to the top. There should be an exposed row of 4 studs remaining at the front of the 2x4
plate.
20.3. Locate an orange 1x2 curved slope piece. Place this in front of the previous piece, sloping up
towards the back and centered horizontally. This is the beak of the penguin!
20.4 Locate two white 1x2 half circle tiles. Place these horizontally, symmetrically to the left and right of
the previous piece, with the curved portion pointing outwards. These form the puffy cheeks of the
penguin! Place the main build of the van in front of you in the same orientation it was in, with the front
facing you. Rotate the penguin’s face about its long axis until it faces you, with the eyes on the top and
the beak on the bottom. Place the face on the forward-facing studs from step 19, flush with the top and
bottom, and centered left and right so that there is a row of forward facing studs on either side of the
penguin’s face.
21. Locate two transparent orange 1x1 slopes and place them symmetrically on the front of the van,
sloping up towards the center. The highest portion of the slope pieces should touch the penguin’s cheeks.
Locate two transparent yellow 1x1 slopes and place them symmetrically on the front of the van, sloping
up towards the center and directly above the previous pieces. The highest portion of the slope pieces
should touch the penguin’s eyes. These transparent slopes form the headlights and turn signals of the
van!
22. With the van front still facing you, locate two dark blue 1x4 curving slope pieces. Place these
vertically, sloping up towards the front, symmetrically on either side of the vertically oriented 2x4 brick
from step 17. They will fit in the recessed grooves.
23. Locate a white 2x4 plate. Place this horizontally, centered horizontally, in front of the previous pieces.
24. Rotate the van 90 degrees counterclockwise, so the front of the van points to your right. Locate a
black 1x3 plate, and place this horizontally, at the back left corner of the build, even with the edges.
25. Locate a black 4x4 plate. Place this in front of the previous piece, even with the left end of the van.
26. Locate a black 1x1 tile and a black 1x8 tile. Place the 1x1 tile at the front left corner of the van, next to
the previous piece. Place the 1x8 tile horizontally to the right of the 1x1 tile.
27. Locate a black 1x6 plate and a black 1x12 plate. Place the 1x6 plate horizontally to the right of the
1x8 tile from the previous step. Place the 1x12 plate horizontally to the right of the 1x3 plate from step 24.
The ends of the two pieces from this step should be even, and there should be just one stud between
them and the penguin’s face to their right.
28. Locate two orange 1x2 grille tiles and one orange 1x4 plate. Place the two grille tiles in a vertical row,
centered vertically, with their right edge even with the right edge of the 4x4 plate from step 25. There
should be three exposed studs between them and the left edge of the van. Place the 1x4 plate vertically
on top of the left edge of the vertical 2x4 brick from step 17. There should be seven exposed studs
between this plate and the right edge of the van.
29. Locate a black 1x6 brick. Place this vertically, one stud from the right end of the van, centered
vertically. This should be on top of the far right ends of the plates from step 27.
30. Locate an orange 1x4 plate. Place this vertically to the right of the previous piece, centered vertically.
31. Locate two black 1x2 curved slopes with a recessed stud. Place these next to each other on top of the
previous piece, sloping down to the right, centered vertically. They should align with the top of the semicircle on the penguin’s face from step 20.2
32. Locate two black 2x2 curved corner slopes. Place these symmetrically to the front and back of the
previous pieces, sloping down to the right, and sloping up towards the center of the build. The recessed
studs of the corner pieces and the previous pieces should form an unbroken vertical line of four studs.
33. Locate a blue 1x2 tile with a steering wheel. Place this vertically, centered vertically to the left of the
1x6 brick from step 29, with the steering wheel on the left side. Locate two black 1x1 round bricks with
doors, one left hand and one right hand door. Place these symmetrically with the brick to the left of the
1x6 brick from step 29, all the way at the front and back edges of the build. When the door is fully closed,
it should be even with the side of the van. If the wrong door is used on the wrong side, the door won’t be
able to close. If this is the case, swap the door to the other side and try again!
34. Locate two dark gray 1x2 plates with a vertical square protrusion on one side. Place these horizontally
and symmetrically on top of the previous piece, and the 1x6 from step 29. These represent the rear-view
mirrors of the van, and they should point outwards from the body of the van toward the front and back.
35. Locate two black 2x2 curved tiles. Place these side by side, sloping down to the right, with the right
end in the recess formed by the curved slopes from steps 31 and 32. The left end should be on top of the
1x6 brick from step 29.
Open Bag 2.
36. Locate the transparent blue 2x6 windshield piece. Place this vertically, centered vertically on top of
the rear-view mirrors, sloping down to the right. This will form the van’s windshield! Things are starting to
come together!
37. Locate a dark gray 1x4 hinging plate. With the front door closed, place this piece horizontally to the
left of the door on the front edge of the van. The round part of the hinged plate should stick out from the
side of the van so the hinge plate can swing out towards the front.
38. Rotate the van 180 degrees so that the windshield is to the left. Locate a blue 1x2 tile, sloping with a
handle on top. Place this piece two studs to the right of the steering wheel, centered vertically and sloping
down to the left. Locate a dark gray 1x3 plate. Place this vertically to the right of the previous piece, with
the front edge of the 1x3 even with the front edge of the previous piece. The back edge of the 1x3 plate
should touch the hinging plate from step 37.
39. Locate a dark gray 1x2 plate with a bar on the short side. Place this piece vertically in front of the
previous piece, with the bar extending past the side of the van. Locate a dark gray 1x1 plate. Place this to
the left of the previous piece on the front edge of the van. It should touch the edge of the closed door.
40. Locate a black 1x4 window frame. Place this vertically, centered vertically, one stud to the right of the
1x2 tile with handle from step 38.
41. Locate a black 1x2 wall panel with a menu sticker. The sticker shows four pictures of fruits in a square
pattern: (clockwise from top left) a blueberry, a strawberry, a green apple and two cherries. Each has a
line underneath them, implying a line of text describing the flavor. Place this piece horizontally to the front
of the previous piece, with its left edge touching the right edge of the closed door and the flat edge
towards the front. This is the menu for the slushy truck!
42. Locate a light gray 1x8 plate with rail. Place this piece horizontally to the right of the previous piece,
with the rail towards the front. Its back edge should touch the orange 1x4 and orange grill tiles from step
28.
43. Locate a dark gray 1x2 plate with a bar on the short side. Place this piece vertically at the far-right end
of the van, with the bar extending past the side of the van. Locate a dark gray 1x3 plate. Place this
vertically behind the previous piece.
44. Locate a black 1x4 window frame. Place this horizontally to the right of the 1x2 wall panel from step
41. Locate a transparent blue 1x4 wall panel. Place this horizontally to the right of the previous piece, with
its flat edge towards the front.
45. Locate three black 1x1 bricks with a stud on one side. Stack these one on top of each other with all of
the side studs pointing in the same direction. Locate a transparent orange 1x1 round tile. Place this on
the side stud of the bottom brick. Locate two transparent red 1x1 round tiles and place these on the side
studs of the other two bricks. Rotate the van 90 degrees clockwise so that the back of the van is now at
the front of the build. Place this assembly on the front left end of the van, with the round tiles pointing
towards you. These form the brake lights and turn signal of the van!
46. Locate a black 1x4 wall panel with a penguin picture. This picture has a white and blue geometric
pattern, with a circle in the middle showing a penguin wearing a blue and white baseball cap, holding a
slushy! Place this piece horizontally to the right of the lights from the previous step, with the sticker
closest to you.
47. Locate an orange 1x2 tile with a license plate sticker. This sticker has a black outline around a white
rectangle. Inside the rectangle are the letters “SV 60384,” this is the license plate of the van! An easter
egg, the SV stands for “Slushy Van” and the numbers are the official Lego set number! Place this onto the
two side face studs on the back side of the van, directly below the previous piece.
48. Rotate the van 90 degrees counterclockwise so that the windshield is on your left. Locate two dark
gray 1x3 plates. Place one vertically on top of the wall panel from step 46, all the way at the back. Place
the other vertically on top of the window frame from step 40, all the way at the back. There should be two
exposed studs between each of these pieces and the front edge of the van. Locate two dark gray 1x2
plates with a bar on the short side. Place one of these vertically in front of each of the last two previous
pieces, with the bar overhanging the side of the van.
49. Locate a dark gray 1x1 plate. Place this to the left of the leftmost previous piece. This should be on
top of the menu piece. Locate two dark gray 1x3 plates, place these in a line vertically on top of the
windshield.
50. Locate a transparent blue 1x4 wall panel. Place this horizontally on top of the rail from step 42, with
the flat side towards the back (against the side of the van). This piece should be able to slide left and right
on the rail. It should be stopped from sliding off the rail by the bars of the four 1x2 plates with bars from
steps 39, 43, and 49. This is the sliding window, where the slushy vendor hands slushies to customers!
51. Locate a light gray 1x8 plate with rail. Place this piece horizontally between the two 1x2 plates with
bars from step 49, with the rail at the front. This should sit right over the sliding window. After installing
this piece, the sliding window should still slide left and right.
Sub-build 4 - Slushy Machine
52. Set the van to the side. Locate a light gray 2x4 brick and place it in front of you with the long axis
running horizontally.
53. Locate a white 1x4 brick. Place this horizontally on the back row of the previous piece, even with the
edges.
54. Locate four light 1x1 bricks with a vertical bar on one side. Place these in a row in front of the
previous piece. All the vertical bars should be to the front. These are the slushy dispensers!
55. Locate a white 2x4 plate. Place this horizontally on top of the previous piece, even with the edges all
around.
56. Locate four transparent 1x2 bricks, one red, one blue, one green, and one purple. Place these
vertically in a row on top of the previous piece. In the instructions, from left to right they are blue, red,
green and purple. These are the hoppers which hold the slushy mixes! Each color represents a different
flavor from the menu!
57. Locate four white 1x2 ingot tiles. These are flat pieces with an angled edge all around. Place these
vertically in a row on top of the previous pieces. Now the slushy machine is complete and we can put it
into the van. Rotate the van 180 degrees, so that the windshield is to the right.
58. Place the slushy machine inside the van all the way to the left, with the nozzles pointing to the right.
The back edge should touch the 1x8 rail plate from step 51, and the left edge should touch the 1x4 wall
panel from step 46.
59. Make another menu as described in step 41. Place this menu to the left of the door closest to you,
with the flat end even with the side of the van.
Sub-build 5 - Hinged Van Side
60. Set the van aside. Locate a light gray 1x2 plate. Place this with the long axis running horizontally.
61. Locate a black 1x1 brick with a stud on one side. Place this on the leftmost stud of the previous piece
with the side stud on the left.
62. Locate a transparent light blue 1x4 wall panel. Place this to the right of the previous piece, with the flat
side at the front. It should be attached by only one stud to the 1x2 plate from step 60.
63. Locate a dark gray 1x5 plate. Place this horizontally underneath the previous piece to the right of the
1x2 plate from step 60.
64. Locate another transparent light blue 1x4 wall panel. Place this horizontally to the right of the wall
panel from step 62, with the flat side at the front. It should overhang the previous piece by two studs. This
piece and the one from step 62 form the big side window of the van!
65. Locate two black 1x1 bricks with studs on one side. Place these, one on top of the other, on top of the
black 1x1 brick with a stud on the side from step 61. These pieces should have their side studs on the
left.
66. Locate a light gray 1x2 plate. Place this horizontally on top of the previous piece, with the left edge
even with the left edge. Locate a dark gray 1x5 plate. Place this piece horizontally to the right of the
previous piece.
67. Locate a transparent orange 1x1 round tile. Place this on the side stud of the bottom of the three
bricks with studs on their sides. Locate two transparent red 1x1 round tiles and place these on the side
studs of the other two bricks. These three bricks form the brake lights and turn signals of the van.
68. Place the van in front of you, with the windshield at your right. With the transparent round tiles on the
left, place the sub assembly you just created onto the two uncovered studs on the hinge plate from step
37. The two overhanging studs mentioned in step 64 should fit onto the two exposed studs on the hinge
plate. The windows should touch the menu, and the brake lights should be even with the brake lights on
the other side of the van.
69. Locate a dark gray 1x4 hinging plate. Place this piece horizontally, with two studs on top of the menu,
and two studs on top of the hinged side of the van. The round part of the hinged plate should stick out
from the side of the van so the wall can swing out from the side. 
70. With the hinged side closed, the top left portion of the van should form a hollow rectangle of studs
which is 6 studs from front to back, and 10 studs from left to right. Locate two black 3x3 45 degree wedge
bricks. Place one on the back left corner of the hollow rectangle, with the left and back sides even with
the corner of the van, and its 90 degree corner to the back left. Locate two black 1x2 bricks with
horizontal grooves on one side, and vertical grooves on the other. Place these horizontally, to the right of
the previous piece, with the horizontal grooves to the back, along the back wall of the hollow rectangle.
Place the other black wedge piece to the right of these two, with its 90 degree corner to the back right and
its back edge even with the edge of the van. The top half of the open rectangle should be completely
covered by bricks now.
71. Locate a black 1x3 brick. Place this vertically in front of the right-hand wedge piece from the previous
step. It should extend all the way to the front edge of the van. Locate a black 1x6 brick. Place this
horizontally to the left of the previous piece. Its right edge should be on the hinge plate for the hinged wall
of the van. Test to make sure this side can still open and close.
72. Locate a black 1x3 brick. Place this horizontally to the left of the previous piece. It should extend all
the way to the left end of the van. Locate a black 1x2 brick with horizontal grooves on one side, and
vertical grooves on the other. Place this vertically behind the far left stud of the previous piece, with the
horizontal grooves on the left. The top of the hollow rectangle should now be completely covered with
bricks, but still be shaped like a rectangle.
73. Locate two purple 1x1 tiles. Place these symmetrically on the front and back right corners of the
rectangle. Locate a purple 1x4 tile with a stud on either end. Place this vertically between the two
previous pieces.
74. Locate two purple 1x3 tiles. Place these two horizontally and symmetrically to the left of the 1x1 tiles
from the previous step.
75. Locate two purple 1x6 tiles. Place these two horizontally and symmetrically to the left of the previous
pieces. Locate a purple 1x4 tile with a stud on either end. Place this vertically between the two previous
pieces, all the way to the left. The hollow rectangle should now be completely covered with tiles, with only
two studs at the left end and two at the right end.
76. Locate a white 6x10 plate. Place this over top of the open rectangle so that it completely covers it.
The van now has its roof! Because it is only held on by four studs, it is very easy to remove so you can
place minifigures inside the van!
77. Locate a white 5x6 curved brick with stickers. These stickers show a blue, white and black geometric
design, in the shape of an explosion, with a purple slushy in the center! Place this piece to the right of the
previous piece, centered vertically, with the studs on the left. It should slope down to the right, over top of
the windshield. Because it is only connected with two studs, this lifts off easily so you can place the
slushy vendor inside to drive the van!
78. Locate two 1x8 white tiles. Place these horizontally to the left of the previous piece, on the front and
back edges of the van. Locate two 1x2 slopes with curved cutouts. Place these to the left of the previous
pieces, sloping down to the right.
79. Locate a light gray 1x2 plate. Place this vertically, centered vertically, on the left edge of the van.
Locate a 2x2 plate with a vertical hinge on one end. Place this to the right of the previous piece with the
hinge on the right.
80. Locate a light blue 2x2 plate. Place this on top of the previous pieces.
81. Locate a purple 1x6 tile. Place this on top of the two slopes with curved cutouts from step 78.
Sub-build 6 - Giant Slushy Cup
82. Set the van aside. Now we’ll build the giant slushy cup which sits on top of the van. Locate a white
4x4 circular plate. Place this in front of you.
83. Locate a transparent blue 2x4 half cylinder. Place this on the previous piece.
84. Locate another transparent blue 2x4 half cylinder. Place this next to the previous piece so that it forms
a complete cylinder, with the white circular plate at the bottom. This is the slushy cup!
85. Now for the lid! Locate a clear 4x4 dome with recessed top. Place this on top of the slushy cup.
Locate a transparent 1x1 round tile with a tube on top. Place this on the recessed stud of the previous
piece.
86. Locate a white cylinder with clip (this piece kind of looks like a minifigure arm). Place this on top of the
previous piece, with the clip pointing upwards.
87. Locate a white cylinder with a bar (this piece looks like the previous piece, but with a bar instead of a
clip). Clip the bar into the clip from the previous piece. This piece should hinge on the previous piece.
Hinge it down to about a 90 degree angle. This forms the bendy straw on the slushy cup!
88. Locate a white 2x2 tile with a peg on top. Place this on the bottom of the slushy cup, through a hole in
the middle of the white circular plate. Locate a light gray 2x2 brick with two hinge fingers on one side.
Place this on the bottom of the previous piece.
89. Place the van in front of you again, with the windshield to your right. Attach the hinged brick from the
previous step to the hinged plate from step 79. The fingers of the hinged brick on the slushy should point
down, and the slushy straw should be on your right. The hinge fingers should click into the hinge plate on
top of the van, then the slushy cup can tilt up and down in increments! Point it upwards at a slight angle
above the roof of the van.
90. Now we build the wheels! Locate the four black rubber tires and four gray wheels. Press the wheels
into the tires. There is a spoke pattern on one side of the wheels, and a hollow side on the other side. The
spoke side points outwards. Place one wheel on each of the wheel pegs of the van.
Congratulations! Now the van is complete! The next page shows how you can lift the roof off of the
driver’s seat and place the slushy vendor inside! The page after shows the completed van, with the
vendor inside and the little girl outside.
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
There are two pages of ads after the instructions end.
The first page includes ads for five sets. The main image is set number 60389, the Custom Car Garage.
The ad shows two custom cars. Each car comes with multiple different options to customize the car,
including front and rear fenders, and engine. There are four minifigures: two drivers and two mechanics.
There are also tool benches, a blueprint of a car, a welding cart and welding mask, and an engine hoist!
There are four inset images. The first shows set number 60387, the OffRoad Adventure. The image
shows a white and orange 4x4 truck driving over desert terrain with an orange bicycle in the back. A
campfire and a minifigure on a blue bicycle are in the background. Another minifigure drives the 4x4 over
desert terrain. The second shows set number 60383, the Electric Sports Car. The image shows the black,
blue and yellow sports car driving through a city, with an electric car charger in the background. The third
image is for this set! Set number 60384, and it shows the slushy van parked at the beach as the slushy
vendor hands a little girl a slushy. The final ad on this page is for set number 60385, the Construction
Digger. The ad shows a blue and orange backhoe lifting rocks and pieces of wood out of a job site. A
construction worker with a broom stands by to help clean up. A covered bus stop with benches sits in the
background.
The next page of ads also shows ads for five sets. The main ad is for set number 60371, the Emergency
Vehicles HQ. A headquarters building, with radio dishes and solar panels sits in the background. In the
foreground, a police car chases a motorcycle which is ridden by a masked bank robber! A teal and white
ambulance follows close behind. They drive past a park, where a citizen has accidentally set a tree on fire
while barbequing! A fire department helicopter is on the scene shooting water cannons to put the fire out!
The next ad is for set number 60382, the Vet Van Rescue. The ad shows a white and green vet van
parked on a city road. Two vets are out of the van, providing first aid to a cat on a stretcher, and giving
water and a bone to a small bulldog.
The next ad is for set number 60388, the Gaming Tournament Truck. A big, green and black semi-truck is
the focal point of the ad. The city skyline can be seen in the background. The entire side of the truck’s
trailer opens to reveal two gaming stations, with two gamers playing. The side of the van forms a giant
screen, showing the screens of the competing gamers. The truck has a giant model of a game controller
on the top. A cheering fan, and a TV reporter are included, along with a trophy in the shape of a game
controller.
The next ad is for set number 60386, the Recycling Truck. The ad shows the white and teal recycling
truck backed up to three lime green recycling bins. Two recycling workers in yellow safety vests haul trash
and trash cans to the truck. A citizen walking past throws his trash into a bin, while a white kitten sits on
another bin.
The final image is of set number 60390, the Park Tractor. The ad shows a green tractor, pulling a gray
trailer parked in a park. A park worker, wearing brown overalls and a green hat, waters plants, while a
brown squirrel eats an acorn!
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!