76014 Spider-Trike VS Electro
Electro is menacing the citizens by hovering above their heads with fearsome electricity bolts spinning
under his feet and a diamond he has just stolen. Only Spider-Man can end his reign of terror using the
great new Spider-Trike. Use the ejector seat to launch Spider-Man at his nemesis and win the day for
the good guys. Includes Spider-Man and new, exclusive Electro minifigures with an accessory
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
Front: towards you.
Back: away from you.
Up: towards the ceiling.
Down: towards the floor.
Stud: the bump on a Lego brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
Vertically: going from front to back.
Horizontally: going from left to right.
Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling, and down towards the floor.
Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the
front wall at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on
the back wall, at the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back,
since it will be placed symmetrically.
There are also abbreviations defined at the end of this file.
§
Bag 1. Electro
Insert a connector-end of a F 2x2 piece with an attached connector into the middle hole of a Christmas
tree-stand piece. This is a round piece with four vertical clasps on its sides.
Put two F 2x1 pieces with one button on top, side by side.
Insert the four lightning pieces into the claws of the Christmas tree-stand piece.
Put a lightning piece into Electro’s hand and put him on top.
Bag 2
Number one.
Put a 6x1 seesaw piece vertical on the table.
Put another 6x1 seesaw piece vertical to the right.
Number two.
Connect by putting one flat 2x1 horizontal on the front row, and on the back. Lay momentarily aside.
Number three. Make a part.
Hold a two-hole dovetail piece horizontal, so that your 1 whole is up and to the right. Insert the two
connector-ends of a 2x1 with two attached connectors into the holes from the back.
Insert the front ends of the same connectors into the two rightmost holes of a five-hole oblong piece.
Insert a connector into the other end of the dovetail piece, from the back.
Install this part, as is, onto the 4th and 5th rows of your structure, the oblong piece overhanging to the
left, and the dovetail piece overhanging to the right.
Lay momentarily aside.
Number four. Make a symmetrical part.
Insert the two connector-ends from the front into the dovetail piece.
Insert the ends of the connectors into the two rightmost holes of the oblong piece from the back.
Insert a connector into the other end of the dovetail piece from the front.
Install to the front of the previous part.
Number five.
Put a F twelve-button pizza piece vertical on top, the shortest side to the right.
Number six
Make a part. Put a F four-button piece with an attached tube at the front left, horizontal on the table,
tube to the left. Put a F 2x1 vertical underneath its left column.
Put this part, as is, in the middle of your structure, aligned at the right.
Number seven.
Put a F 2x1 grate piece on top of the PP, at the right edge.
Number eight.
Put a FS 4x2 phone receiver piece vertical to the left, in the middle.
Repeat.
Number nine.
Insert a connector vertical, (non-rotary, large) from the back to the attached tube to the left of the PP.
Insert a long connector, vertical, from the back, shorter end to the back, into the leftmost hole of the two
oblong pieces.
Number 10.
Hold a F 3x2 piece with an attached tube horizontal, tube to the left. Insert the tube, from the back, into
the connector in the middle.
Lay momentarily aside.
Bag 2. Make a part.
Number one.
Put a F 6x2 horizontal on the table.
Number two.
Put a 2x2 hood piece on the two leftmost columns, slide to the left.
Number three.
Put a F 2x1 with one button vertical to the right.
Number four.
Put a clasp horizontal on top.
Put a F two-button 4x1 piece horizontal to the right, overhanging to the front and to the back.
Number five.
Repeat.
Put a F 4x1 vertical to the right.
Number six.
Put a 2x1/2x1 corner piece vertical to the right, in the middle, the side buttons to the right.
Number seven.
Put two cone pieces horizontal, side by side, on the side buttons, wide ends to the left.
Number eight.
Put a 2x1 piece with an attached tube horizontal on the right end of the front edge, tube to the right.
Repeat symmetrically at the back.
Number nine.
Put a S 2x1 mouthpiece in between the two PPs, the sharp side to the right.
Put a FS 2x1 curve piece horizontal on the front edge, slide to the left.
Repeat symmetrically at the back.
Number ten.
Insert a half-connector vertical, from the front, the ridged end to the front, into the front attached tube.
Repeat symmetrically at the back.
Affix the spider sticker to the hood.
Number eleven.
Put the bike handle piece vertical, horns to the right, into the clasp in the middle.
Insert the front connector end into the cross-hole of a 2x1 oblong piece, the hole to the top.
Repeat symmetrically at the back.
Number twelve.
Install this part, as is, on top of your structure.
Number thirteen.
Put the rubbers on the wheels and put them on your structure.
Number fourteen. Make two flick-firing missiles:
Put the blunt end piece on the short end of a stick.
Repeat.
Insert these sticks horizontal, from the left, into the holes of the two 2x1 oblong pieces (at the front and
at the back).
Number fifteen.
Put the Spiderman figure onto the seat.
Enjoy.
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions!
§
Abbreviation definitions:
F = flat (Plate.)
FS = flat smooth (tile)
Slide = slope.
Lip = inverted slope.
Ribbed stick = Technic axle.
Connector = Technic pin.
Stubby or Short connector = Technic pin with stud.
Long connector = elongated Technic pin.
Nail = technic axle with end stop.
Fat nut = Technic joiner.
Thin nut = Technic stop.
Elbow = technic joiner 90 dg.
1x1, 2x1, 3x1… means a 1x1, 2x1, 1x3… brick.
Ver = vertically.
Hor = horizontally.
Symm = symmetrically.
LMA = Lay Momentarily Aside.
PP = previous piece.
Sep bag = separate bag.
Braille letters (for placing corner pieces):
D = open corner to the front left.
F = open corner to the front right.
J = open corner to the back left.
H = open corner to the back right.