43214 Twirling Rapunzel
Set adapted by Alex Charbonneau and tested by Natalie Charbonneau.
Captivate kids aged 5 and up with this LEGO® ǀ Disney Twirling Rapunzel (43214) set, featuring a
buildable stand with decorative details, key and space for Pascal the chameleon LEGO figure, a
Rapunzel LEGO mini-doll figure and a ‘diamond’ dress that connects with the umbrella to store the minidoll. Kids can enjoy an easy and intuitive building adventure with the LEGO Builder app, which lets them
zoom in and rotate models in 3D, save sets and track their progress.
Learning and fun
Disney’s Rapunzel fans gain meaningful skills while playing with this set. The build helps grow children’s
confidence, while sparking their imagination and creativity as they play out movie-based scenes or invent
their own. It can be played with independently or added to other LEGO ǀ Disney sets (sold separately).
Well-known characters
This fun set gets kids playing quickly with a Disney’s Rapunzel LEGO mini-doll figure and Pascal LEGO
chameleon figure and makes a creative ‘just because’ gift for kids any time.
What’s inside?
- This 89-piece set has a buildable stand with decorative details and a key, a small space for a LEGO®
figure and a transforming ‘diamond’ dress that stores a LEGO mini-doll figure.
Well-known characters:
- Featuring Disney’s Rapunzel and Pascal the chameleon LEGO® figures, this set can be combined with
other Disney Princess sets (sold separately) or used for open play on its own.
Play on the go
- With the box (including mini-doll) measuring over 4.5 in. (11 cm) high, 2.5 in. (6 cm) wide and 2 in. (5
cm) deep, this set is made for kids to build and play with anywhere
The set comes in a teal box. On the front of the box, the word Disney is centered at the top. The lower
right corner has a cartoon of Rapunzel, wearing a purple and pink dress and a confident smile. The image
on the front of the box shows a small music box sitting on a table inside a room with purple walls. The
wallpaper on the walls has dark stripes and dark purple crowns! The music box looks like a tower wall,
with light purple columns, arched windows, and walls in tan and brown. Leaves and flowers grow on the
wall. Rapunzel stands on a circular base on top of the music box. A silver key extends from the box, with
an arrow indicating that the key spins, a similar arrow is around Rapunzel, showing that she spins when
you turn the key! Rapunzel has long blond hair and blue eyes. She wears a shiny, hooped purple dress
and carries a purple umbrella over her head like a parachute! A green chameleon with big eyes, Pascal,
watches her from the top of the table. An inset image shows a purple gem.
On the top of the box is a life sized image of the green chameleon figure. On the back of the box is
another image of the music box, on a teal background. It shows that the key to the music box can be
stored on a clip at the front. There is a small cubby where Pascal can hide, and Rapunzel’s gem-shaped
dress can be used to store the Rapunzel figure!
The build is 89 pieces, and 44 building steps.
§
Welcome to text-based instructions from LEGO for the Blind. Before you start building, here are some
terms we’ll be using:
- In Front of/Front: towards you.
- Behind/Back: away from you.
- Up: towards the ceiling.
- Down: towards the floor.
- Stud: the bump on a LEGO brick. Example: A 2x1 brick has two studs on it.
- Vertically: going from front to behind.
- Horizontally: going from left to right.
- Upright: pointing up towards the ceiling.
- That one/ppp: previously placed piece.
- Plate: piece with studs.
- Tile: smooth piece without studs (unless otherwise specified)
- Symmetrically: a mirror image. Example: If you place a 2x1 brick with technic connector on the front wall
at the right, connector to the front, and then place another such piece symmetrically on the back wall, at
the right, the technic connector of the second piece should point to the back, since it will be placed
symmetrically.
- Centered-vertically: even amount of space in front of and behind the piece
- Centered-horizontally: even amount of space left and right of the piece.
- Row: studs lined up from left to right.
§
For builders with low vision, or a sighted building partner who may want to follow along with the printed
visual instructions that come with each kit, PDF versions are always online at LEGO.com:
(https://www.lego.com/en-us/service/buildinginstructions/43214) As low vision users may benefit
from viewing the instructions on a personal device where they can zoom in on content and use assistive
technologies to enhance the visuals.
§
Sorting the pieces:
To begin a successful build, it helps to sort the pieces into groups, bags or small containers. Have a
friend or family member do this in advance following the instructions below. You will see that the pieces
should be sorted according to the building steps in the kit. Doing this in advance makes locating the
pieces for each step easier. See below on how to sort the pieces to correspond to the steps in this set.
Number the containers using letters A-Z, numbers or meaningful names. The parts will be sorted into one
or a small number of steps in the instructions. Example: Steps 1-3 means collect all the parts used in
steps 1, 2 and 3, and put them in one container.
This LEGO set comes with two small unlabeled bags labeled and an instruction booklet. Open both bags,
and sort the pieces into groups as described below. Note that where there are multiple colors of the same
brick in a step, the colors will be split across two groups to make telling the difference easier for the
builder! LEGO includes a few spare parts in case you lose something. Set these into their own group
away from the rest, in case you need them later.
Rapunzel minifigure group contains the pieces for minifigure steps 1-4, (group of 9 pieces)
Group 1 contains the pieces for steps 1-6.
Group 2 contains the pieces for steps 7-10.
Group 3 contains the pieces for steps 11-18, and a green 2x2 circular plate from step 19.
Group 4 contains the pieces for steps 19-32, and a green 2x2 circular plate from step 33.
Group 5 contains the pieces for steps 33-38.
§
Building Instructions:
Note for helpers: I have broken some of LEGO’s original instructions into smaller steps, but I have kept
the original base number. For example, step 5 is now steps 5.1 and 5.2.
Rapunzel Minifigure:
1. Assemble the Rapunzel minifigure by attaching the torso to the translucent purple 4x4 octagonal dress.
2. Attach the head to the torso, with the pointy chin at the front. Place the gold hairpiece on top of the
head.
3. Turn the minifigure around and place two pink flowers into her hair. You can find where the flowers go
by running your fingers down Rapunzel’s hair to find the two little holes.
4. Attach a gold 3L bar into the translucent purple umbrella base. Rapunzel can now hold the umbrella in
her hand to float down from any tall towers she might be stuck in! Pascal, the little green chameleon with
big eyes stands next to her!
Rapunzel’s torso, head, hair, and the bar from the umbrella can all be stored in the inside of her skirt, with
the top of the umbrella used as a lid!
Main Build - Music Box:
Open group 1.
1. Place a dark purple 6x6 plate in front of you.
2. Place a brown 2x2 tile on the right two columns of the previous piece, centered vertically.
3. Find two purple 2x2 corner plates. Place one behind the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter D.
Place the other symmetrically in front of the 2x2 tile from step 2.
4. Find two purple 1x2 plates. Place one horizontally long to the left of each of the pieces from the
previous step. They should be touching the front and back edges of the build.
5.1. Find two purple 2x2 corner plates. Place one to the left of the back previous piece, oriented like a
Braille letter F, so its left end is even with the left end of the 6x6 plate. Place the other corner piece
symmetrically in front of the other 1x2 plate from step 4.
5.2. Place a purple 1x2 plate vertically long between the left studs of the previous two pieces. The border
of the 6x6 base plate should be ringed with purple plates, except the right side which has a brown tile on
it.
6. Place a light purple 2x2 brick to the left of the 2x2 tile from step 2, centered vertically and horizontally
on the 6x6 base.
Open group 2.
7. Find four light purple 1x1 circular bricks. Place one in each corner of the 6x6 base.
8.1. Place a dark brown 1x4 plate vertically long on the far left column, between two of the previous two
pieces.
8.2. Find two dark brown 1x1 bricks. Place one in front, and one behind, the rightmost column of the 2x2
tile at the right of the base.
9. Find four yellow 1x1 bricks with a stud on one side. Place two in the front row with their studs at the
front, one to the right of the left 1x1 circular brick, and one to the left of the right 1x1 circular brick. There
should be two exposed studs between them. Place the other two symmetrically on the back row, with
their studs at the back.
10. Find a yellow 1x4x2 tall arch. Place it vertically long, centered vertically, on the far right column. It
should be connected to the two dark brown 1x1 bricks from step 8.2.
Open group 3.
11. Find two light purple 1x1 circular bricks. Place one in front of the previous piece, and one behind.
They should be stacked on top of 1x1 circular bricks from step 7.
12. Find two light purple 1x1 circular bricks. Put one on each of the pieces from the previous step.
13.1. Put a purple 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the right column of the 2x2 brick at the center of the build.
13.2. Put a light purple 1x2 brick, vertically long, on the previous piece.
13.3. Put a purple 1x2 plate, vertically long, on the previous piece.
14. Find two yellow 1x2 concave slopes. Place one vertically long, behind the 1x1 circular brick in the
front left corner, sloping down to the back. Place the other symmetrically behind it. They should form a U
shape in the middle.
15. Find two magenta 1x1 circular plates with a flower pattern. Place one onto the stud of each of the
pieces from the previous step.
16. We’ll start making the mechanism to rotate the music box! Set the base aside for now. Place a white
1x2x2 tall brick with two rows of two side studs in front of you. Place it so the two studs are at the back,
and the four side studs are upwards.
17.1. Find a red 2x2 turntable base. This piece is square like a tile, but has a circular cutout and a hole in
the middle. Place it onto the four side studs on the previous piece.
17.2. Find a light gray 2x2 turntable plate. This is a thin, round plate with a peg extending from the
bottom. Place this into the hole in the turntable base until it clicks. It should turn freely!
18. Place a light blue 2x2 plate with six gear teeth onto the previous piece. This piece looks kind of like a
flower. You should have a green 2x2 circular plate left over when you’re done! Don’t worry, this is used in
the next step.
Open group 4.
19.1. Place a green 2x2 circular plate onto the previous piece.
19.2. Place a white 2x2 circular plate onto the previous piece.
20. Place a dark brown 2x2 circular tile with a hole on top onto the previous piece. Rotate the assembly
so the two upwards studs on the tall brick are pointing up again, and the circular plates are at the left.
21. Now we’ll attach this to the base! Put the base in front of you, with the arch at the right. Attach the tall
brick to the left column of studs on the 2x2 brick on the center of the base.
22. Place a black 2x2 tile with turntable base on the previous piece, extending one stud to the right so it is
aligned with the 2x2 brick. The piece should look like a 2x2 tile with a low cylinder, bigger than a stud,
sticking up from the top.
23.1. Find two brown 1x2x3 arched window frames and put them in front of you, horizontally long.
23.2. Find two dark tan window lattices. Push one into each window from the front.
23.3. Put one window, horizontally long, on the front row of studs, centered horizontally. It should be
between two 1x1 bricks with side studs, and the lattice at the front. Put the other symmetrically, on the
back row of studs, with the lattice at the back.
24. Find two yellow 1x4x2 tall arches. Place one horizontally long, over each of the previous pieces, so
that they connect to the bricks with side studs.
25. Place a 1x4x1 low arch vertically long, on the left column, centered vertically. It should attach to the
two flower pieces from step 15, and should go over the sideways circular plates from steps 16-21.
26. Place a dark brown 1x4 plate vertically long on the previous piece.
27. Find two light purple 1x1 circular bricks. Place one on each of the 1x1 circular bricks on the front and
back left corners of the base.
28. Find two light purple 1x1 circular bricks. Place one on each of the pieces from the previous step. The
entire outside of the base should be the same height now!
29. Find a brown 1x2 plate with a clip on the long side. Place this on the right column of the base,
centered vertically, with the stud extending to the right. This can be used to store the key to the music
box!
30. Find two purple 2x2 corner plates. Place one behind the previous piece, oriented like a Braille letter D.
Place the other symmetrically in front of the piece from the previous step.
31. Find two purple 1x2 plates. Place one horizontally long to the left of each of the pieces from the
previous step. They should be touching the front and back edges of the build.
32.1. Find two purple 2x2 corner plates. Place one to the left of the back previous piece, oriented like a
Braille letter F, so its left end is even with the left end of the 6x6 plate. Place the other corner piece
symmetrically in front of the other 1x2 plate from step 31.
32.2. Place a purple 1x2 plate vertically long between the left studs of the previous two pieces. The
border of the 6x6 base plate should be ringed with purple plates, except the right side which has a dark
brown plate with a clip. You should have a green 2x2 circular plate left over from this group.
Open group 5.
33.1. Now we’ll build the rest of the mechanism which makes Rapunzel spin! Place a light blue 2x2 plate
with six gear teeth onto the black tile with a turntable base in the center of the music box. It should click in
and be free to spin.
33.2. Place a green 2x2 circular plate on the previous piece.
33.3. Place a white 2x2 circular plate on the previous piece.
34. Now if we did everything right, the pieces we just placed should spin if we put the key in and turn it!
Find a light purple key. Place it into the hole on the left side of the music box and give it a turn. The 2x2
circular plates at the top should spin.
35. Place two dark purple 1x6 tiles vertically long, on the rightmost two columns of the music box. The left
one should touch the 2x2 circular plates from the previous steps.
36.1. Place two dark purple 1x2 tiles horizontally long, to the left of the leftmost 1x6 tile from the previous
step, one in the front row and one in the back row.
36.2. Place two dark purple 1x6 tiles vertically long, on the left two columns of the music box. The right
one should touch the 1x2 tiles from the previous step.
37. Place a dark tan 6x6 circular plate on top of the music box, centered vertically and horizontally. It
should connect to the 2x2 circular plate from step 33.3, and it should be free to spin since it is only sitting
on tiles.
38.1. Make a flower by putting a magenta 1x1 circular plate with a flower pattern onto a green 1x1 plate
with three leaves.
38.2. Make three more for a total of four. Place one of these onto each of the side studs around the
bottom of the music box, with the leaves pointing up and away from the windows.
38.3. Now place Rapunzel on top of the music box, and put Pascal in front of the music box! Turn the key
and watch her spin!
Congratulations! Now Twirling Rapunzel is complete!
Thank you so much for building this set!
§
Visit legofortheblind.com for more accessible instructions and tell your friends about us!
There is one page with four ads after the instructions end!
The first is an ad for set number 43216, Princess Enchanted Journey. In the image, Cinderella walks next
to a white horse pulling a gilded blue and white carriage down a road through lush green fields. A desert
with sand dunes rises above the trees in the background. Rapunzel stands next to a purple and gold hot
air balloon, while Jasmine flies overhead in a deep purple magic carpet with golden tassels! The set also
includes a baby elephant, a fountain with fruit and a palm tree, as well as other items from the Disney
stories!
The second ad is for set number 43210, Moana’s Wayfinding Boat. The image shows Moana’s boat
sailing past the coastline of a jungle island with towering mountain peaks in the background. An ominous
cloud surrounds one of the mountain peaks! Moana stands on the back of the boat holding an oar while
her mother Sina stands at the front. A playful dolphin splashes in the water next to the boat. The boat has
two long hulls which have a platform between them. A shelter is built on top of the platform, supporting
the mast and sails. The boat is bright and colorful, with dark reds, oranges, and covered in various green
leaves and orange flowers.
The third ad is for this set! It includes the image from the front of this set.
The last ad is for set number 43211, Aurora’s Castle. The image shows a white, pink and blue castle in a
green field. The castle has two spires with flags, a blue staircase, a pink slide, and a swing! Aurora and
Prince Phillip play in the castle. Aurora has long blonde hair and wears a flowing pink dress and a golden
crown. Prince Phillip has red hair and wears a tan and green tunic. A dark, ominous cliff overlooks the
peaceful castle. A black and purple horned throne sits atop the cliff. The witch Maleficent observes from
next to her throne. She wears a black and purple dress, with her hair formed into two black horns. She
carries a gold scepter with a green gem set at the top. This is an ages 4+ set, and it is made from fewer,
larger pieces and has an open design to allow for easier play for young builders